---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apigateway_method Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGateway::Method
---

# awscc_apigateway_method (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGateway::Method



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_key_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether the method requires clients to submit a valid API key.
- `authorization_scopes` (List of String) A list of authorization scopes configured on the method.
- `authorization_type` (String) The method's authorization type.
- `authorizer_id` (String) The identifier of the authorizer to use on this method.
- `http_method` (String) The backend system that the method calls when it receives a request.
- `integration` (Attributes) The backend system that the method calls when it receives a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration))
- `method_responses` (Attributes List) The responses that can be sent to the client who calls the method. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method_responses))
- `operation_name` (String) A friendly operation name for the method.
- `request_models` (Map of String) The resources that are used for the request's content type. Specify request models as key-value pairs (string-to-string mapping), with a content type as the key and a Model resource name as the value.
- `request_parameters` (Map of Boolean) The request parameters that API Gateway accepts. Specify request parameters as key-value pairs (string-to-Boolean mapping), with a source as the key and a Boolean as the value.
- `request_validator_id` (String) The ID of the associated request validator.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of an API Gateway resource.
- `rest_api_id` (String) The ID of the RestApi resource in which API Gateway creates the method.

<a id="nestedatt--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration`

Read-Only:

- `cache_key_parameters` (List of String) A list of request parameters whose values API Gateway caches.
- `cache_namespace` (String) An API-specific tag group of related cached parameters.
- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the VpcLink used for the integration when connectionType=VPC_LINK, otherwise undefined.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of the network connection to the integration endpoint.
- `content_handling` (String) Specifies how to handle request payload content type conversions.
- `credentials` (String) The credentials that are required for the integration.
- `integration_http_method` (String) The integration's HTTP method type.
- `integration_responses` (Attributes List) The response that API Gateway provides after a method's backend completes processing a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration--integration_responses))
- `passthrough_behavior` (String) Indicates when API Gateway passes requests to the targeted backend.
- `request_parameters` (Map of String) The request parameters that API Gateway sends with the backend request.
- `request_templates` (Map of String) A map of Apache Velocity templates that are applied on the request payload.
- `timeout_in_millis` (Number) Custom timeout between 50 and 29,000 milliseconds.
- `type` (String) The type of backend that your method is running.
- `uri` (String) The Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--integration--integration_responses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration.integration_responses`

Read-Only:

- `content_handling` (String) Specifies how to handle request payload content type conversions.
- `response_parameters` (Map of String) The response parameters from the backend response that API Gateway sends to the method response.
- `response_templates` (Map of String) The templates that are used to transform the integration response body. Specify templates as key-value pairs (string-to-string mappings), with a content type as the key and a template as the value.
- `selection_pattern` (String) A regular expression that specifies which error strings or status codes from the backend map to the integration response.
- `status_code` (String) The status code that API Gateway uses to map the integration response to a MethodResponse status code.



<a id="nestedatt--method_responses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method_responses`

Read-Only:

- `response_models` (Map of String) The resources used for the response's content type. Specify response models as key-value pairs (string-to-string maps), with a content type as the key and a Model resource name as the value.
- `response_parameters` (Map of Boolean) Response parameters that API Gateway sends to the client that called a method. Specify response parameters as key-value pairs (string-to-Boolean maps), with a destination as the key and a Boolean as the value.
- `status_code` (String) The method response's status code, which you map to an IntegrationResponse.


