---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apigateway_api_key Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGateway::ApiKey
---

# awscc_apigateway_api_key (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGateway::ApiKey



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_key_id` (String)
- `customer_id` (String) An MKT customer identifier, when integrating with the AWS SaaS Marketplace.
- `description` (String) The description of the ApiKey.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the ApiKey can be used by callers.
- `generate_distinct_id` (Boolean) Specifies whether (``true``) or not (``false``) the key identifier is distinct from the created API key value. This parameter is deprecated and should not be used.
- `name` (String) A name for the API key. If you don't specify a name, CFN generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the API key name. For more information, see [Name Type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-name.html).
 If you specify a name, you cannot perform updates that require replacement of this resource. You can perform updates that require no or some interruption. If you must replace the resource, specify a new name.
- `stage_keys` (Attributes List) DEPRECATED FOR USAGE PLANS - Specifies stages associated with the API key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stage_keys))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The key-value map of strings. The valid character set is [a-zA-Z+-=._:/]. The tag key can be up to 128 characters and must not start with ``aws:``. The tag value can be up to 256 characters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `value` (String) Specifies a value of the API key.

<a id="nestedatt--stage_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stage_keys`

Read-Only:

- `rest_api_id` (String) The string identifier of the associated RestApi.
- `stage_name` (String) The stage name associated with the stage key.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
