---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apigatewayv2_route Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGatewayV2::Route
---

# awscc_apigatewayv2_route (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ApiGatewayV2::Route



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_id` (String) The API identifier.
- `api_key_required` (Boolean) Specifies whether an API key is required for the route. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `authorization_scopes` (List of String) The authorization scopes supported by this route.
- `authorization_type` (String) The authorization type for the route. For WebSocket APIs, valid values are ``NONE`` for open access, ``AWS_IAM`` for using AWS IAM permissions, and ``CUSTOM`` for using a Lambda authorizer. For HTTP APIs, valid values are ``NONE`` for open access, ``JWT`` for using JSON Web Tokens, ``AWS_IAM`` for using AWS IAM permissions, and ``CUSTOM`` for using a Lambda authorizer.
- `authorizer_id` (String) The identifier of the ``Authorizer`` resource to be associated with this route. The authorizer identifier is generated by API Gateway when you created the authorizer.
- `model_selection_expression` (String) The model selection expression for the route. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `operation_name` (String) The operation name for the route.
- `request_models` (String) The request models for the route. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `request_parameters` (String) The request parameters for the route. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `route_id` (String)
- `route_key` (String) The route key for the route. For HTTP APIs, the route key can be either ``$default``, or a combination of an HTTP method and resource path, for example, ``GET /pets``.
- `route_response_selection_expression` (String) The route response selection expression for the route. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `target` (String) The target for the route.
