---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppConfig::ConfigurationProfile
---

# awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppConfig::ConfigurationProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) The application ID.
- `configuration_profile_id` (String) The configuration profile ID
- `description` (String) A description of the configuration profile.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name of the AWS Key Management Service key to encrypt new configuration data versions in the AWS AppConfig hosted configuration store. This attribute is only used for hosted configuration types. To encrypt data managed in other configuration stores, see the documentation for how to specify an AWS KMS key for that particular service.
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) The AWS Key Management Service key identifier (key ID, key alias, or key ARN) provided when the resource was created or updated.
- `location_uri` (String) A URI to locate the configuration. You can specify the AWS AppConfig hosted configuration store, Systems Manager (SSM) document, an SSM Parameter Store parameter, or an Amazon S3 object.
- `name` (String) A name for the configuration profile.
- `retrieval_role_arn` (String) The ARN of an IAM role with permission to access the configuration at the specified LocationUri.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Metadata to assign to the configuration profile. Tags help organize and categorize your AWS AppConfig resources. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of configurations contained in the profile. When calling this API, enter one of the following values for Type: AWS.AppConfig.FeatureFlags, AWS.Freeform
- `validators` (Attributes List) A list of methods for validating the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validators))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key-value string map. The tag key can be up to 128 characters and must not start with aws:.
- `value` (String) The tag value can be up to 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--validators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validators`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) Either the JSON Schema content or the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Lambda function.
- `type` (String) AWS AppConfig supports validators of type JSON_SCHEMA and LAMBDA.
