---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appconfig_extension Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppConfig::Extension
---

# awscc_appconfig_extension (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppConfig::Extension



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `arn` (String)
- `description` (String) Description of the extension.
- `extension_id` (String)
- `latest_version_number` (Number)
- `name` (String) Name of the extension.
- `parameters` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value tags to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `version_number` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the extension Action.
- `name` (String) The name of the extension action.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role for invoking the extension action.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the extension action.


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the extension Parameter.
- `dynamic` (Boolean)
- `required` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
