---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appintegrations_application Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppIntegrations::Application
---

# awscc_appintegrations_application (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppIntegrations::Application



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `application_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.
- `application_config` (Attributes) The application configuration. Cannot be used when IsService is true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config))
- `application_id` (String) The id of the application.
- `application_source_config` (Attributes) Application source config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_source_config))
- `description` (String) The application description.
- `iframe_config` (Attributes) The iframe configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iframe_config))
- `initialization_timeout` (Number) The initialization timeout in milliseconds. Required when IsService is true.
- `is_service` (Boolean) Indicates if the application is a service
- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the application.
- `permissions` (List of String) The configuration of events or requests that the application has access to.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--application_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config`

Read-Only:

- `contact_handling` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config--contact_handling))

<a id="nestedatt--application_config--contact_handling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config.contact_handling`

Read-Only:

- `scope` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--application_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_source_config`

Read-Only:

- `external_url_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_source_config--external_url_config))

<a id="nestedatt--application_source_config--external_url_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_source_config.external_url_config`

Read-Only:

- `access_url` (String)
- `approved_origins` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--iframe_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iframe_config`

Read-Only:

- `allow` (List of String)
- `sandbox` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A key to identify the tag.
- `value` (String) Corresponding tag value for the key.
