---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppRunner::ObservabilityConfiguration
---

# awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppRunner::ObservabilityConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `latest` (Boolean) It's set to true for the configuration with the highest Revision among all configurations that share the same Name. It's set to false otherwise.
- `observability_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this ObservabilityConfiguration
- `observability_configuration_name` (String) A name for the observability configuration. When you use it for the first time in an AWS Region, App Runner creates revision number 1 of this name. When you use the same name in subsequent calls, App Runner creates incremental revisions of the configuration.
- `observability_configuration_revision` (Number) The revision of this observability configuration. It's unique among all the active configurations ('Status': 'ACTIVE') that share the same ObservabilityConfigurationName.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of metadata items that you can associate with your observability configuration resource. A tag is a key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `trace_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration of the tracing feature within this observability configuration. If you don't specify it, App Runner doesn't enable tracing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trace_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trace_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trace_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `vendor` (String) The implementation provider chosen for tracing App Runner services.


