---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appsync_source_api_association Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppSync::SourceApiAssociation
---

# awscc_appsync_source_api_association (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppSync::SourceApiAssociation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `association_arn` (String) ARN of the SourceApiAssociation.
- `association_id` (String) Id of the SourceApiAssociation.
- `description` (String) Description of the SourceApiAssociation.
- `last_successful_merge_date` (String) Date of last schema successful merge.
- `merged_api_arn` (String) ARN of the Merged API in the association.
- `merged_api_id` (String) GraphQLApiId of the Merged API in the association.
- `merged_api_identifier` (String) Identifier of the Merged GraphQLApi to associate. It could be either GraphQLApi ApiId or ARN
- `source_api_arn` (String) ARN of the source API in the association.
- `source_api_association_config` (Attributes) Customized configuration for SourceApiAssociation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_api_association_config))
- `source_api_association_status` (String) Current status of SourceApiAssociation.
- `source_api_association_status_detail` (String) Current SourceApiAssociation status details.
- `source_api_id` (String) GraphQLApiId of the source API in the association.
- `source_api_identifier` (String) Identifier of the Source GraphQLApi to associate. It could be either GraphQLApi ApiId or ARN

<a id="nestedatt--source_api_association_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_api_association_config`

Read-Only:

- `merge_type` (String) Configuration of the merged behavior for the association. For example when it could be auto or has to be manual.
