---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appsync_resolver Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AppSync::Resolver
---

# awscc_appsync_resolver (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AppSync::Resolver



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_id` (String) The APSYlong GraphQL API to which you want to attach this resolver.
- `caching_config` (Attributes) The caching configuration for the resolver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caching_config))
- `code` (String) The ``resolver`` code that contains the request and response functions. When code is used, the ``runtime`` is required. The runtime value must be ``APPSYNC_JS``.
- `code_s3_location` (String) The Amazon S3 endpoint.
- `data_source_name` (String) The resolver data source name.
- `field_name` (String) The GraphQL field on a type that invokes the resolver.
- `kind` (String) The resolver type.
  +  *UNIT*: A UNIT resolver type. A UNIT resolver is the default resolver type. You can use a UNIT resolver to run a GraphQL query against a single data source.
  +  *PIPELINE*: A PIPELINE resolver type. You can use a PIPELINE resolver to invoke a series of ``Function`` objects in a serial manner. You can use a pipeline resolver to run a GraphQL query against multiple data sources.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) The maximum number of resolver request inputs that will be sent to a single LAMlong function in a ``BatchInvoke`` operation.
- `metrics_config` (String) Enables or disables enhanced resolver metrics for specified resolvers. Note that ``MetricsConfig`` won't be used unless the ``resolverLevelMetricsBehavior`` value is set to ``PER_RESOLVER_METRICS``. If the ``resolverLevelMetricsBehavior`` is set to ``FULL_REQUEST_RESOLVER_METRICS`` instead, ``MetricsConfig`` will be ignored. However, you can still set its value.
- `pipeline_config` (Attributes) Functions linked with the pipeline resolver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pipeline_config))
- `request_mapping_template` (String) The request mapping template.
 Request mapping templates are optional when using a Lambda data source. For all other data sources, a request mapping template is required.
- `request_mapping_template_s3_location` (String) The location of a request mapping template in an S3 bucket. Use this if you want to provision with a template file in S3 rather than embedding it in your CFNshort template.
- `resolver_arn` (String)
- `response_mapping_template` (String) The response mapping template.
- `response_mapping_template_s3_location` (String) The location of a response mapping template in an S3 bucket. Use this if you want to provision with a template file in S3 rather than embedding it in your CFNshort template.
- `runtime` (Attributes) Describes a runtime used by an APSYlong resolver or APSYlong function. Specifies the name and version of the runtime to use. Note that if a runtime is specified, code must also be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime))
- `sync_config` (Attributes) The ``SyncConfig`` for a resolver attached to a versioned data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config))
- `type_name` (String) The GraphQL type that invokes this resolver.

<a id="nestedatt--caching_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caching_config`

Read-Only:

- `caching_keys` (List of String) The caching keys for a resolver that has caching activated.
 Valid values are entries from the ``$context.arguments``, ``$context.source``, and ``$context.identity`` maps.
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL in seconds for a resolver that has caching activated.
 Valid values are 1?3,600 seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--pipeline_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pipeline_config`

Read-Only:

- `functions` (List of String) A list of ``Function`` objects.


<a id="nestedatt--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The ``name`` of the runtime to use. Currently, the only allowed value is ``APPSYNC_JS``.
- `runtime_version` (String) The ``version`` of the runtime to use. Currently, the only allowed version is ``1.0.0``.


<a id="nestedatt--sync_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config`

Read-Only:

- `conflict_detection` (String) The Conflict Detection strategy to use.
  +  *VERSION*: Detect conflicts based on object versions for this resolver.
  +  *NONE*: Do not detect conflicts when invoking this resolver.
- `conflict_handler` (String) The Conflict Resolution strategy to perform in the event of a conflict.
  +  *OPTIMISTIC_CONCURRENCY*: Resolve conflicts by rejecting mutations when versions don't match the latest version at the server.
  +  *AUTOMERGE*: Resolve conflicts with the Automerge conflict resolution strategy.
  +  *LAMBDA*: Resolve conflicts with an LAMlong function supplied in the ``LambdaConflictHandlerConfig``.
- `lambda_conflict_handler_config` (Attributes) The ``LambdaConflictHandlerConfig`` when configuring ``LAMBDA`` as the Conflict Handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config--lambda_conflict_handler_config))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_config--lambda_conflict_handler_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config.lambda_conflict_handler_config`

Read-Only:

- `lambda_conflict_handler_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Lambda function to use as the Conflict Handler.
