---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_aps_anomaly_detector Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::APS::AnomalyDetector
---

# awscc_aps_anomaly_detector (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::APS::AnomalyDetector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) The AnomalyDetector alias.
- `arn` (String) The AnomalyDetector ARN.
- `configuration` (Attributes) Determines the anomaly detector's algorithm and its configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `evaluation_interval_in_seconds` (Number) The AnomalyDetector period of detection and metric generation.
- `labels` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to provide meta-data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))
- `missing_data_action` (Attributes) The action to perform when running the expression returns no data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--missing_data_action))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `workspace` (String) Required to identify a specific APS Workspace associated with this Anomaly Detector.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `random_cut_forest` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_near_expected_from_above` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_above))
- `ignore_near_expected_from_below` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_below))
- `query` (String)
- `sample_size` (Number)
- `shingle_size` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_above"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest.ignore_near_expected_from_above`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number)
- `ratio` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_below"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest.ignore_near_expected_from_below`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number)
- `ratio` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--missing_data_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `missing_data_action`

Read-Only:

- `mark_as_anomaly` (Boolean)
- `skip` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
