---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::AuditManager::AssessmentFramework
---

# awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::AuditManager::AssessmentFramework



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the framework.
- `compliance_type` (String) The compliance type that the framework supports, such as CIS or HIPAA.
- `control_sets` (Attributes List) The control sets that are associated with the framework. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_sets))
- `created_at` (String) The time when the framework was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user or role that created the framework.
- `description` (String) The description of the framework.
- `framework_id` (String) The unique identifier for the framework.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The time when the framework was most recently updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The user or role that most recently updated the framework.
- `name` (String) The name of the framework.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with the framework. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The framework type, such as a standard framework or a custom framework.

<a id="nestedatt--control_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_sets`

Read-Only:

- `controls` (Attributes List) The list of controls within the control set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_sets--controls))
- `name` (String) The name of the control set.

<a id="nestedatt--control_sets--controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_sets.controls`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the control.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
