---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_code_interpreter_custom Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::CodeInterpreterCustom
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_code_interpreter_custom (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::CodeInterpreterCustom



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `code_interpreter_arn` (String) The ARN of a CodeInterpreter resource.
- `code_interpreter_id` (String) The id of the code interpreter.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the code interpreter was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the code interpreter.
- `execution_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that the code interpreter uses to access resources.
- `failure_reason` (String) The reason for failure if the code interpreter creation or operation failed.
- `last_updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the code interpreter was last updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the code interpreter.
- `network_configuration` (Attributes) Network configuration for code interpreter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration))
- `status` (String) Status of code interpreter.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tag keys and values

<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `network_mode` (String) Network modes supported by code interpreter
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) Network mode configuration for VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration.vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `security_groups` (List of String) Security groups for VPC
- `subnets` (List of String) Subnets for VPC
