---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_custom Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::BrowserCustom
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_custom (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::BrowserCustom



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `browser_arn` (String) The ARN of a Browser resource.
- `browser_id` (String) The id of the browser.
- `browser_signing` (Attributes) Browser signing configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--browser_signing))
- `certificates` (Attributes List) List of root CA certificates in PEM format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificates))
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the browser was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the browser.
- `enterprise_policies` (Attributes List) A list of enterprise policy files for the browser. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enterprise_policies))
- `execution_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that the browser uses to access resources.
- `failure_reason` (String) The reason for failure if the browser creation or operation failed.
- `last_updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the browser was last updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the browser.
- `network_configuration` (Attributes) Network configuration for browser. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration))
- `recording_config` (Attributes) Recording configuration for browser. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recording_config))
- `status` (String) Status of browser.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tag keys and values

<a id="nestedatt--browser_signing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_signing`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_location` (Attributes) Certificate location in Secrets Manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificates--certificate_location))

<a id="nestedatt--certificates--certificate_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates.certificate_location`

Read-Only:

- `secret_arn` (String) Secrets Manager secret ARN.



<a id="nestedatt--enterprise_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enterprise_policies`

Read-Only:

- `location` (Attributes) The S3 location of the enterprise policy file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enterprise_policies--location))
- `type` (String) The type of browser enterprise policy.

<a id="nestedatt--enterprise_policies--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enterprise_policies.location`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String)
- `prefix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `network_mode` (String) Network modes supported by browser
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) Network mode configuration for VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration.vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `security_groups` (List of String) Security groups for VPC
- `subnets` (List of String) Subnets for VPC



<a id="nestedatt--recording_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recording_config`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `s3_location` (Attributes) S3 Location Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recording_config--s3_location))

<a id="nestedatt--recording_config--s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recording_config.s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
