---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Policy
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Policy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was created.
- `definition` (Attributes) The definition structure for policies. Encapsulates different policy formats. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--definition))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy's purpose and functionality.
- `name` (String) The customer-assigned immutable name for the policy. Must be unique within the policy engine.
- `policy_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the policy.
- `policy_engine_id` (String) The identifier of the policy engine which contains this policy.
- `policy_id` (String) The unique identifier for the policy.
- `status` (String) The current status of the policy.
- `status_reasons` (List of String) Additional information about the policy status.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was last updated.
- `validation_mode` (String) The validation mode for the policy. Determines how Cedar analyzer validation results are handled.

<a id="nestedatt--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `definition`

Read-Only:

- `cedar` (Attributes) A Cedar policy statement within the AgentCore Policy system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--definition--cedar))

<a id="nestedatt--definition--cedar"></a>
### Nested Schema for `definition.cedar`

Read-Only:

- `statement` (String) The Cedar policy statement that defines the authorization logic.
