---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrock_automated_reasoning_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Bedrock::AutomatedReasoningPolicy
---

# awscc_bedrock_automated_reasoning_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Bedrock::AutomatedReasoningPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time this policy was created
- `definition_hash` (String) The hash for this version
- `description` (String)
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Specifies whether to force delete the automated reasoning policy even if it has active resources. When false , Amazon Bedrock validates if all artifacts have been deleted (e.g. policy version, test case, test result) for a policy before deletion. When true , Amazon Bedrock will delete the policy and all its artifacts without validation. Default is false
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The KMS key with which the Policy's assets will be encrypted at rest.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key with which the Policy's assets will be encrypted at rest.
- `name` (String)
- `policy_arn` (String)
- `policy_definition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_definition))
- `policy_id` (String) The id of the policy
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) Time this policy was last updated
- `version` (String) Version of the policy that was created. This will always be `DRAFT`

<a id="nestedatt--policy_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_definition`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Attributes List) The rules definition block of an AutomatedReasoningPolicyDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_definition--rules))
- `types` (Attributes List) The types definition block of an AutomatedReasoningPolicyDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_definition--types))
- `variables` (Attributes List) The variables definition block of an AutomatedReasoningPolicyDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_definition--variables))
- `version` (String) The policy format version.

<a id="nestedatt--policy_definition--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_definition.rules`

Read-Only:

- `alternate_expression` (String) An alternate expression for this rule
- `expression` (String) The SMT expression for this rule
- `id` (String) A unique id within the PolicyDefinition


<a id="nestedatt--policy_definition--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_definition.types`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A natural language description of this type.
- `name` (String) A name for this type.
- `values` (Attributes List) A list of valid values for this type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_definition--types--values))

<a id="nestedatt--policy_definition--types--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_definition.types.values`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A natural language description of the type's value.
- `value` (String) The value of the type value.



<a id="nestedatt--policy_definition--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_definition.variables`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A natural language description of this variable.
- `name` (String) A name from this variable.
- `type` (String) A type for this variable.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag Key
- `value` (String) Tag Value
