---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Evaluator
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Evaluator



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the evaluator was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the evaluator.
- `evaluator_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the evaluator.
- `evaluator_config` (Attributes) The configuration for the evaluator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config))
- `evaluator_id` (String) The unique identifier of the evaluator.
- `evaluator_name` (String) The name of the evaluator. Must be unique within your account.
- `level` (String) The evaluation level that determines the scope of evaluation.
- `status` (String) The current status of the evaluator.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to assign to the evaluator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the evaluator was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config`

Read-Only:

- `llm_as_a_judge` (Attributes) The configuration for LLM-as-a-Judge evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge`

Read-Only:

- `instructions` (String) The evaluation instructions that guide the language model in assessing agent performance.
- `model_config` (Attributes) The model configuration that specifies which foundation model to use for evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config))
- `rating_scale` (Attributes) The rating scale that defines how evaluators should score agent performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config`

Read-Only:

- `bedrock_evaluator_model_config` (Attributes) The configuration for using Amazon Bedrock models in evaluator assessments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config.bedrock_evaluator_model_config`

Read-Only:

- `additional_model_request_fields` (String) Additional model-specific request fields.
- `inference_config` (Attributes) The inference configuration parameters that control model behavior during evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config--inference_config))
- `model_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Bedrock model to use for evaluation.

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config--inference_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config.bedrock_evaluator_model_config.inference_config`

Read-Only:

- `max_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of tokens to generate in the model response.
- `temperature` (Number) The temperature value that controls randomness in the model's responses.
- `top_p` (Number) The top-p sampling parameter that controls the diversity of the model's responses.




<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale`

Read-Only:

- `categorical` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--categorical))
- `numerical` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--numerical))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--categorical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale.categorical`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) The description that explains what this categorical rating represents.
- `label` (String) The label of this categorical rating option.


<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--numerical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale.numerical`

Read-Only:

- `definition` (String) The description that explains what this numerical rating represents.
- `label` (String) The label that describes this numerical rating option.
- `value` (Number) The numerical value for this rating scale option.





<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
