---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrock_data_source Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Bedrock::DataSource
---

# awscc_bedrock_data_source (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Bedrock::DataSource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time at which the data source was created.
- `data_deletion_policy` (String) The deletion policy for the data source.
- `data_source_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies a raw data source location to ingest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_source_configuration))
- `data_source_id` (String) Identifier for a resource.
- `data_source_status` (String) The status of a data source.
- `description` (String) Description of the Resource.
- `failure_reasons` (List of String) The details of the failure reasons related to the data source.
- `knowledge_base_id` (String) The unique identifier of the knowledge base to which to add the data source.
- `name` (String) The name of the data source.
- `server_side_encryption_configuration` (Attributes) Contains details about the server-side encryption for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_side_encryption_configuration))
- `updated_at` (String) The time at which the knowledge base was last updated.
- `vector_ingestion_configuration` (Attributes) Details about how to chunk the documents in the data source. A chunk refers to an excerpt from a data source that is returned when the knowledge base that it belongs to is queried. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--data_source_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) Contains information about the S3 configuration of the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_source_configuration--s3_configuration))
- `type` (String) The type of the data source location.

<a id="nestedatt--data_source_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_configuration.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_arn` (String) The ARN of the bucket that contains the data source.
- `bucket_owner_account_id` (String) The account ID for the owner of the S3 bucket.
- `inclusion_prefixes` (List of String) A list of S3 prefixes that define the object containing the data sources.



<a id="nestedatt--server_side_encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_side_encryption_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS KMS key used to encrypt the resource.


<a id="nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vector_ingestion_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `chunking_configuration` (Attributes) Details about how to chunk the documents in the data source. A chunk refers to an excerpt from a data source that is returned when the knowledge base that it belongs to is queried. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration--chunking_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration--chunking_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vector_ingestion_configuration.chunking_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `chunking_strategy` (String) Knowledge base can split your source data into chunks. A chunk refers to an excerpt from a data source that is returned when the knowledge base that it belongs to is queried. You have the following options for chunking your data. If you opt for NONE, then you may want to pre-process your files by splitting them up such that each file corresponds to a chunk.
- `fixed_size_chunking_configuration` (Attributes) Configurations for when you choose fixed-size chunking. If you set the chunkingStrategy as NONE, exclude this field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration--chunking_configuration--fixed_size_chunking_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--vector_ingestion_configuration--chunking_configuration--fixed_size_chunking_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vector_ingestion_configuration.chunking_configuration.fixed_size_chunking_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `max_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of tokens to include in a chunk.
- `overlap_percentage` (Number) The percentage of overlap between adjacent chunks of a data source.
