---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_braket_spending_limit Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Braket::SpendingLimit
---

# awscc_braket_spending_limit (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Braket::SpendingLimit



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the spending limit was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `device_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the quantum device to apply the spending limit to.
- `queued_spend` (String) The amount currently queued for spending on the device, in USD.
- `spending_limit` (String) The maximum amount that can be spent on the specified device, in USD.
- `spending_limit_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies the spending limit.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags to apply to the spending limit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `time_period` (Attributes) Defines a time range for spending limits, specifying when the limit is active. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_period))
- `total_spend` (String) The total amount spent on the device so far during the current time period, in USD.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the spending limit was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--time_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_period`

Read-Only:

- `end_at` (String) The end date and time for the spending limit period, in ISO 8601 format.
- `start_at` (String) The start date and time for the spending limit period, in ISO 8601 format.
