---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeEndpoint
---

# awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeEndpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `acme_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ACME endpoint.
- `authorization_behavior` (String) The authorization behavior for the ACME endpoint.
- `certificate_authority` (Attributes) The certificate authority configuration for the ACME endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_authority))
- `certificate_tags` (Attributes List) Tags applied to certificates issued via this endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_tags))
- `contact` (String) Whether contact information is required for the ACME endpoint.
- `endpoint_url` (String) The ACME directory URL for the endpoint.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with the ACME endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_authority`

Read-Only:

- `public_certificate_authority` (Attributes) Configuration for the public certificate authority. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_authority--public_certificate_authority))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_authority--public_certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_authority.public_certificate_authority`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_key_algorithms` (List of String) The allowed key algorithms for certificates issued via this endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
