---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_chime_app_instance_bot Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Chime::AppInstanceBot
---

# awscc_chime_app_instance_bot (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Chime::AppInstanceBot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `app_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppInstance.
- `app_instance_bot_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppInstanceBot.
- `configuration` (Attributes) A structure that contains configuration data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `created_timestamp` (Number) The time at which the AppInstanceBot was created. In epoch milliseconds.
- `last_updated_timestamp` (Number) The time at which the AppInstanceBot was last updated. In epoch milliseconds.
- `metadata` (String) The metadata of the AppInstanceBot.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppInstanceBot.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the AppInstanceBot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `lex` (Attributes) The configuration for an Amazon Lex V2 bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--lex))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--lex"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.lex`

Read-Only:

- `invoked_by` (Attributes) Specifies the type of message that triggers a bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--lex--invoked_by))
- `lex_bot_alias_arn` (String) The ARN of the Amazon Lex V2 bot's alias.
- `locale_id` (String) Identifies the Amazon Lex V2 bot's language and locale.
- `responds_to` (String) Determines whether the Amazon Lex V2 bot responds to all standard messages. Control messages are not supported.
- `welcome_intent` (String) The name of the welcome intent configured in the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--lex--invoked_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.lex.invoked_by`

Read-Only:

- `standard_messages` (String) Sets standard messages as the bot trigger.
- `targeted_messages` (String) Sets targeted messages as the bot trigger.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key in a tag.
- `value` (String) The value in a tag.
