---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_connection_function Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::ConnectionFunction
---

# awscc_cloudfront_connection_function (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::ConnectionFunction



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_publish` (Boolean) A flag that determines whether to automatically publish the function to the ``LIVE`` stage when it?s created. To automatically publish to the ``LIVE`` stage, set this property to ``true``.
- `connection_function_arn` (String)
- `connection_function_code` (String) The code for the connection function.
- `connection_function_config` (Attributes) Contains configuration information about a CloudFront function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_function_config))
- `connection_function_id` (String)
- `created_time` (String)
- `e_tag` (String)
- `last_modified_time` (String)
- `name` (String) The connection function name.
- `stage` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_function_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_function_config`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the function.
- `key_value_store_associations` (Attributes List) The configuration for the key value store associations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_function_config--key_value_store_associations))
- `runtime` (String) The function's runtime environment version.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_function_config--key_value_store_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_function_config.key_value_store_associations`

Read-Only:

- `key_value_store_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key value store association.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
