---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_trust_store Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::TrustStore
---

# awscc_cloudfront_trust_store (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::TrustStore



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `ca_certificates_bundle_source` (Attributes) A CA certificates bundle source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ca_certificates_bundle_source))
- `e_tag` (String)
- `last_modified_time` (String)
- `name` (String) The trust store's name.
- `number_of_ca_certificates` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `trust_store_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--ca_certificates_bundle_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ca_certificates_bundle_source`

Read-Only:

- `ca_certificates_bundle_s3_location` (Attributes) The CA certificates bundle location in Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ca_certificates_bundle_source--ca_certificates_bundle_s3_location))

<a id="nestedatt--ca_certificates_bundle_source--ca_certificates_bundle_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ca_certificates_bundle_source.ca_certificates_bundle_s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String) The S3 bucket.
- `key` (String) The location's key.
- `region` (String) The location's Region.
- `version` (String) The location's version.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
