---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_function Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::Function
---

# awscc_cloudfront_function (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::Function



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_publish` (Boolean) A flag that determines whether to automatically publish the function to the ``LIVE`` stage when it?s created. To automatically publish to the ``LIVE`` stage, set this property to ``true``.
- `function_arn` (String)
- `function_code` (String) The function code. For more information about writing a CloudFront function, see [Writing function code for CloudFront Functions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/writing-function-code.html) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.
- `function_config` (Attributes) Contains configuration information about a CloudFront function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--function_config))
- `function_metadata` (Attributes) Contains metadata about a CloudFront function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--function_metadata))
- `name` (String) A name to identify the function.
- `stage` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--function_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `function_config`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the function.
- `key_value_store_associations` (Attributes List) The configuration for the key value store associations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--function_config--key_value_store_associations))
- `runtime` (String) The function's runtime environment version.

<a id="nestedatt--function_config--key_value_store_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `function_config.key_value_store_associations`

Read-Only:

- `key_value_store_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key value store association.



<a id="nestedatt--function_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `function_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `function_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function. The ARN uniquely identifies the function.
