---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::OriginAccessControl
---

# awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::OriginAccessControl



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `origin_access_control_config` (Attributes) The origin access control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_access_control_config))
- `origin_access_control_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--origin_access_control_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_access_control_config`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of the origin access control.
- `name` (String) A name to identify the origin access control. You can specify up to 64 characters.
- `origin_access_control_origin_type` (String) The type of origin that this origin access control is for.
- `signing_behavior` (String) Specifies which requests CloudFront signs (adds authentication information to). Specify ``always`` for the most common use case. For more information, see [origin access control advanced settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-s3.html#oac-advanced-settings) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.
 This field can have one of the following values:
  +  ``always`` ? CloudFront signs all origin requests, overwriting the ``Authorization`` header from the viewer request if one exists.
  +  ``never`` ? CloudFront doesn't sign any origin requests. This value turns off origin access control for all origins in all distributions that use this origin access control.
  +  ``no-override`` ? If the viewer request doesn't contain the ``Authorization`` header, then CloudFront signs the origin request. If the viewer request contains the ``Authorization`` header, then CloudFront doesn't sign the origin request and instead passes along the ``Authorization`` header from the viewer request. *WARNING: To pass along the Authorization header from the viewer request, you must add the Authorization header to a cache policy for all cache behaviors that use origins associated with this origin access control.*
- `signing_protocol` (String) The signing protocol of the origin access control, which determines how CloudFront signs (authenticates) requests. The only valid value is ``sigv4``.
