---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_origin_request_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::OriginRequestPolicy
---

# awscc_cloudfront_origin_request_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::OriginRequestPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `last_modified_time` (String)
- `origin_request_policy_config` (Attributes) The origin request policy configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config))
- `origin_request_policy_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_request_policy_config`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the origin request policy. The comment cannot be longer than 128 characters.
- `cookies_config` (Attributes) The cookies from viewer requests to include in origin requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--cookies_config))
- `headers_config` (Attributes) The HTTP headers to include in origin requests. These can include headers from viewer requests and additional headers added by CloudFront. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--headers_config))
- `name` (String) A unique name to identify the origin request policy.
- `query_strings_config` (Attributes) The URL query strings from viewer requests to include in origin requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--query_strings_config))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--cookies_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_request_policy_config.cookies_config`

Read-Only:

- `cookie_behavior` (String) Determines whether cookies in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are:
  +  ``none`` ? No cookies in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Even when this field is set to ``none``, any cookies that are listed in a ``CachePolicy``*are* included in origin requests.
  +  ``whitelist`` ? Only the cookies in viewer requests that are listed in the ``CookieNames`` type are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``all`` ? All cookies in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``allExcept`` ? All cookies in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin, *except* for those listed in the ``CookieNames`` type, which are not included.
- `cookies` (List of String) Contains a list of cookie names.


<a id="nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--headers_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_request_policy_config.headers_config`

Read-Only:

- `header_behavior` (String) Determines whether any HTTP headers are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are:
  +  ``none`` ? No HTTP headers in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Even when this field is set to ``none``, any headers that are listed in a ``CachePolicy``*are* included in origin requests.
  +  ``whitelist`` ? Only the HTTP headers that are listed in the ``Headers`` type are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``allViewer`` ? All HTTP headers in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``allViewerAndWhitelistCloudFront`` ? All HTTP headers in viewer requests and the additional CloudFront headers that are listed in the ``Headers`` type are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. The additional headers are added by CloudFront.
  +  ``allExcept`` ? All HTTP headers in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin, *except* for those listed in the ``Headers`` type, which are not included.
- `headers` (List of String) Contains a list of HTTP header names.


<a id="nestedatt--origin_request_policy_config--query_strings_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_request_policy_config.query_strings_config`

Read-Only:

- `query_string_behavior` (String) Determines whether any URL query strings in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are:
  +  ``none`` ? No query strings in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Even when this field is set to ``none``, any query strings that are listed in a ``CachePolicy``*are* included in origin requests.
  +  ``whitelist`` ? Only the query strings in viewer requests that are listed in the ``QueryStringNames`` type are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``all`` ? All query strings in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
  +  ``allExcept`` ? All query strings in viewer requests are included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin, *except* for those listed in the ``QueryStringNames`` type, which are not included.
- `query_strings` (List of String) Contains a list of query string names.
