---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudwatch_composite_alarm Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudWatch::CompositeAlarm
---

# awscc_cloudwatch_composite_alarm (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudWatch::CompositeAlarm



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `actions_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether actions should be executed during any changes to the alarm state. The default is TRUE.
- `actions_suppressor` (String) Actions will be suppressed if the suppressor alarm is in the ALARM state. ActionsSuppressor can be an AlarmName or an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) from an existing alarm.
- `actions_suppressor_extension_period` (Number) Actions will be suppressed if WaitPeriod is active. The length of time that actions are suppressed is in seconds.
- `actions_suppressor_wait_period` (Number) Actions will be suppressed if ExtensionPeriod is active. The length of time that actions are suppressed is in seconds.
- `alarm_actions` (List of String) The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an ALARM state from any other state. Specify each action as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `alarm_description` (String) The description of the alarm
- `alarm_name` (String) The name of the Composite Alarm
- `alarm_rule` (String) Expression which aggregates the state of other Alarms (Metric or Composite Alarms)
- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the alarm
- `insufficient_data_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the INSUFFICIENT_DATA state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `ok_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the OK state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs to associate with the composite alarm. You can associate as many as 50 tags with an alarm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A unique identifier for the tag. The combination of tag keys and values can help you organize and categorize your resources.
- `value` (String) The value for the specified tag key.
