---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_vpc_origin Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::VpcOrigin
---

# awscc_cloudfront_vpc_origin (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::VpcOrigin



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `created_time` (String)
- `last_modified_time` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_origin_endpoint_config` (Attributes) The VPC origin endpoint configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_origin_endpoint_config))
- `vpc_origin_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_origin_endpoint_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_origin_endpoint_config`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the CloudFront VPC origin endpoint configuration.
- `http_port` (Number) The HTTP port for the CloudFront VPC origin endpoint configuration. The default value is ``80``.
- `https_port` (Number) The HTTPS port of the CloudFront VPC origin endpoint configuration. The default value is ``443``.
- `name` (String) The name of the CloudFront VPC origin endpoint configuration.
- `origin_protocol_policy` (String) The origin protocol policy for the CloudFront VPC origin endpoint configuration.
- `origin_ssl_protocols` (List of String) Specifies the minimum SSL/TLS protocol that CloudFront uses when connecting to your origin over HTTPS. Valid values include ``SSLv3``, ``TLSv1``, ``TLSv1.1``, and ``TLSv1.2``.
 For more information, see [Minimum Origin SSL Protocol](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/distribution-web-values-specify.html#DownloadDistValuesOriginSSLProtocols) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.
