---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudtrail_dashboard Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudTrail::Dashboard
---

# awscc_cloudtrail_dashboard (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudTrail::Dashboard



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_timestamp` (String) The timestamp of the dashboard creation.
- `dashboard_arn` (String) The ARN of the dashboard.
- `name` (String) The name of the dashboard.
- `refresh_schedule` (Attributes) Configures the automatic refresh schedule for the dashboard. Includes the frequency unit (DAYS or HOURS) and value, as well as the status (ENABLED or DISABLED) of the refresh schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refresh_schedule))
- `status` (String) The status of the dashboard. Values are CREATING, CREATED, UPDATING, UPDATED and DELETING.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `termination_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the dashboard is protected from termination.
- `type` (String) The type of the dashboard. Values are CUSTOM and MANAGED.
- `updated_timestamp` (String) The timestamp showing when the dashboard was updated, if applicable. UpdatedTimestamp is always either the same or newer than the time shown in CreatedTimestamp.
- `widgets` (Attributes List) List of widgets on the dashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--widgets))

<a id="nestedatt--refresh_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refresh_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `frequency` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refresh_schedule--frequency))
- `status` (String) The status of the schedule. Supported values are ENABLED and DISABLED.
- `time_of_day` (String) StartTime of the automatic schedule refresh.

<a id="nestedatt--refresh_schedule--frequency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refresh_schedule.frequency`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String) The frequency unit. Supported values are HOURS and DAYS.
- `value` (Number) The frequency value.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--widgets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `widgets`

Read-Only:

- `query_parameters` (List of String) The placeholder keys in the QueryStatement. For example: $StartTime$, $EndTime$, $Period$.
- `query_statement` (String) The SQL query statement on one or more event data stores.
- `view_properties` (Map of String) The view properties of the widget.
