---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudformation_lambda_hook Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFormation::LambdaHook
---

# awscc_cloudformation_lambda_hook (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFormation::LambdaHook



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) The typename alias for the hook.
- `execution_role` (String) The execution role ARN assumed by Hooks to invoke Lambda.
- `failure_mode` (String) Attribute to specify CloudFormation behavior on hook failure.
- `hook_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the activated hook
- `hook_status` (String) Attribute to specify which stacks this hook applies to or should get invoked for
- `lambda_function` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN), Partial ARN, name, version, or alias of the Lambda function to invoke with this hook.
- `stack_filters` (Attributes) Filters to allow hooks to target specific stack attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters))
- `target_filters` (Attributes) Attribute to specify which targets should invoke the hook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_filters))
- `target_operations` (List of String) Which operations should this Hook run against? Resource changes, stacks or change sets.

<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters`

Read-Only:

- `filtering_criteria` (String) Attribute to specify the filtering behavior. ANY will make the Hook pass if one filter matches. ALL will make the Hook pass if all filters match
- `stack_names` (Attributes) List of stack names as filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_names))
- `stack_roles` (Attributes) List of stack roles that are performing the stack operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters.stack_names`

Read-Only:

- `exclude` (Set of String) List of stack names that the hook is going to be excluded from
- `include` (Set of String) List of stack names that the hook is going to target


<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters.stack_roles`

Read-Only:

- `exclude` (Set of String) List of stack roles that the hook is going to be excluded from
- `include` (Set of String) List of stack roles that the hook is going to target



<a id="nestedatt--target_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_filters`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String) List of actions that the hook is going to target
- `invocation_points` (Set of String) List of invocation points that the hook is going to target
- `target_names` (Set of String) List of type names that the hook is going to target
- `targets` (Attributes List) List of hook targets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_filters--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--target_filters--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_filters.targets`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Target actions are the type of operation hooks will be executed at.
- `invocation_point` (String) Invocation points are the point in provisioning workflow where hooks will be executed.
- `target_name` (String) Type name of hook target. Hook targets are the destination where hooks will be invoked against.
