---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_key_value_store Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::KeyValueStore
---

# awscc_cloudfront_key_value_store (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFront::KeyValueStore



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the Key Value Store. Omitting ``Comment`` from the template during updates will clear the existing comment (set to empty string). To preserve an existing comment, you must explicitly include it in the template.
- `import_source` (Attributes) The import source for the key value store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--import_source))
- `key_value_store_id` (String)
- `name` (String) The name of the key value store.
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--import_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `import_source`

Read-Only:

- `source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the import source for the key value store.
- `source_type` (String) The source type of the import source for the key value store.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
