---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudformation_generated_template Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFormation::GeneratedTemplate
---

# awscc_cloudformation_generated_template (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CloudFormation::GeneratedTemplate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time the generated template was created.
- `generated_template_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the generated template.
- `generated_template_name` (String) The name assigned to the generated template.
- `last_updated_time` (String) The time the generated template was last updated.
- `progress` (Attributes) A summary of the progress of the template generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--progress))
- `status` (String) The status of the template generation.
- `template_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration details of the generated template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_configuration))
- `total_warnings` (Number) The number of warnings generated for this template.

<a id="nestedatt--progress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `progress`

Read-Only:

- `resources_failed` (Number) The number of resources that failed the template generation.
- `resources_pending` (Number) The number of resources that are still pending the template generation.
- `resources_processing` (Number) The number of resources that are in-process for the template generation.
- `resources_succeeded` (Number) The number of resources that succeeded the template generation.


<a id="nestedatt--template_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `deletion_policy` (String) The DeletionPolicy assigned to resources in the generated template.
- `update_replace_policy` (String) The UpdateReplacePolicy assigned to resources in the generated template.
