---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codeartifact_package_group Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CodeArtifact::PackageGroup
---

# awscc_codeartifact_package_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CodeArtifact::PackageGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the package group.
- `contact_info` (String) The contact info of the package group.
- `description` (String) The text description of the package group.
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain that contains the package group.
- `domain_owner` (String) The 12-digit account ID of the AWS account that owns the domain.
- `origin_configuration` (Attributes) The package origin configuration of the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration))
- `pattern` (String) The package group pattern that is used to gather packages.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `restrictions` (Attributes) The origin configuration that is applied to the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `external_upstream` (Attributes) The external upstream restriction determines if new package versions can be ingested or retained from external connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--external_upstream))
- `internal_upstream` (Attributes) The internal upstream restriction determines if new package versions can be ingested or retained from upstream repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--internal_upstream))
- `publish` (Attributes) The publish restriction determines if new package versions can be published. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--publish))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--external_upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.external_upstream`

Read-Only:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--internal_upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.internal_upstream`

Read-Only:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--publish"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.publish`

Read-Only:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
