---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codeartifact_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CodeArtifact::Repository
---

# awscc_codeartifact_repository (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CodeArtifact::Repository



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the repository.
- `description` (String) A text description of the repository.
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain that contains the repository.
- `domain_owner` (String) The 12-digit account ID of the AWS account that owns the domain.
- `external_connections` (List of String) A list of external connections associated with the repository.
- `name` (String) The name of the repository. This is used for GetAtt
- `permissions_policy_document` (Map of String) The access control resource policy on the provided repository.
- `repository_name` (String) The name of the repository.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `upstreams` (List of String) A list of upstream repositories associated with the repository.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


