---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codestarconnections_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::Connection
---

# awscc_codestarconnections_connection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::Connection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the  connection. The ARN is used as the connection reference when the connection is shared between AWS services.
- `connection_name` (String) The name of the connection. Connection names must be unique in an AWS user account.
- `connection_status` (String) The current status of the connection.
- `host_arn` (String) The host arn configured to represent the infrastructure where your third-party provider is installed. You must specify either a ProviderType or a HostArn.
- `owner_account_id` (String) The name of the external provider where your third-party code repository is configured. For Bitbucket, this is the account ID of the owner of the Bitbucket repository.
- `provider_type` (String) The name of the external provider where your third-party code repository is configured. You must specify either a ProviderType or a HostArn.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Specifies the tags applied to a connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


