---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codegurureviewer_repository_association Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CodeGuruReviewer::RepositoryAssociation
---

# awscc_codegurureviewer_repository_association (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CodeGuruReviewer::RepositoryAssociation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `association_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the repository association.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket associated with an associated S3 repository. It must start with `codeguru-reviewer-`.
- `connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS CodeStar Connections connection.
- `name` (String) Name of the repository to be associated.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository. For a Bitbucket repository, this is the username for the account that owns the repository.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with a repository association. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of repository to be associated.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. The allowed characters across services are: letters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: + - = . _ : / @.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length. The allowed characters across services are: letters, numbers, and spaces representable in UTF-8, and the following characters: + - = . _ : / @.


