---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codestarconnections_repository_link Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::RepositoryLink
---

# awscc_codestarconnections_repository_link (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::RepositoryLink



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CodeStarConnection. The ARN is used as the connection reference when the connection is shared between AWS services.
- `encryption_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the KMS key that the customer can optionally specify to use to encrypt RepositoryLink properties. If not specified, a default key will be used.
- `owner_id` (String) the ID of the entity that owns the repository.
- `provider_type` (String) The name of the external provider where your third-party code repository is configured.
- `repository_link_arn` (String) A unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to designate the repository link.
- `repository_link_id` (String) A UUID that uniquely identifies the RepositoryLink.
- `repository_name` (String) The repository for which the link is being created.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Specifies the tags applied to a RepositoryLink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, , ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, , ., /, =, +, and -.
