---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_config_organization_conformance_pack Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Config::OrganizationConformancePack
---

# awscc_config_organization_conformance_pack (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Config::OrganizationConformancePack



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `conformance_pack_input_parameters` (Attributes List) A list of ConformancePackInputParameter objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conformance_pack_input_parameters))
- `delivery_s3_bucket` (String) AWS Config stores intermediate files while processing conformance pack template.
- `delivery_s3_key_prefix` (String) The prefix for the delivery S3 bucket.
- `excluded_accounts` (List of String) A list of AWS accounts to be excluded from an organization conformance pack while deploying a conformance pack.
- `organization_conformance_pack_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the organization conformance pack.
- `organization_conformance_pack_name` (String) The name of the organization conformance pack.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the organization conformance pack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `template_body` (String) A string containing full conformance pack template body.
- `template_s3_uri` (String) Location of file containing the template body.

<a id="nestedatt--conformance_pack_input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conformance_pack_input_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `parameter_name` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
