---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_config_connector Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Config::Connector
---

# awscc_config_connector (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Config::Connector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connector.
- `connector_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration for the connector that specifies the third-party cloud provider connection details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_configuration))
- `created_time` (String) The time at which the connector was created.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector. AWS Config automatically assigns the name when creating the Connector.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--connector_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `azure` (Attributes) The configuration for connecting to Microsoft Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_configuration--azure))

<a id="nestedatt--connector_configuration--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_configuration.azure`

Read-Only:

- `client_identifier` (String) The Azure client (application) identifier.
- `tenant_identifier` (String) The Azure tenant identifier.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:.
