---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_data_table Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::DataTable
---

# awscc_connect_data_table (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::DataTable



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The arn of the Data Table
- `created_time` (Number) The creation time of the Data Table
- `description` (String) The description of the Data Table.
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `last_modified_region` (String) Last modified region.
- `last_modified_time` (Number) Last modified time.
- `lock_version` (Attributes) The lock version of the Data Table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lock_version))
- `name` (String) The name of the Data Table
- `status` (String) The status of the Data Table
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone of the Data Table
- `value_lock_level` (String) The value lock level of the Data Table

<a id="nestedatt--lock_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lock_version`

Read-Only:

- `data_table` (String) The data table for the lock version


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
