---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_notification Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::Notification
---

# awscc_connect_notification (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::Notification



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the notification.
- `content` (Attributes) The content of the notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `created_at` (String) The time a notification was created
- `expires_at` (String) The time a notification will expire
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `notification_id` (String) The identifier of the notification.
- `priority` (String) The priority of the notification.
- `recipients` (Set of String) The recipients of the notification.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `de_de` (String) Localized notification content
- `en_us` (String) Localized notification content
- `es_es` (String) Localized notification content
- `fr_fr` (String) Localized notification content
- `id_id` (String) Localized notification content
- `it_it` (String) Localized notification content
- `ja_jp` (String) Localized notification content
- `ko_kr` (String) Localized notification content
- `pt_br` (String) Localized notification content
- `zh_cn` (String) Localized notification content
- `zh_tw` (String) Localized notification content


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
