---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_quick_connect Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::QuickConnect
---

# awscc_connect_quick_connect (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Connect::QuickConnect



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the quick connect.
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the quick connect.
- `quick_connect_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the quick connect.
- `quick_connect_config` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the quick connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config`

Read-Only:

- `phone_config` (Attributes) The phone configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is PHONE_NUMBER. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--phone_config))
- `queue_config` (Attributes) The queue configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is QUEUE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--queue_config))
- `quick_connect_type` (String) The type of quick connect. In the Amazon Connect console, when you create a quick connect, you are prompted to assign one of the following types: Agent (USER), External (PHONE_NUMBER), or Queue (QUEUE).
- `user_config` (Attributes) The user configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is USER. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--user_config))

<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--phone_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.phone_config`

Read-Only:

- `phone_number` (String) The phone number in E.164 format.


<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--queue_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.queue_config`

Read-Only:

- `contact_flow_arn` (String) The identifier of the contact flow.
- `queue_arn` (String) The identifier for the queue.


<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.user_config`

Read-Only:

- `contact_flow_arn` (String) The identifier of the contact flow.
- `user_arn` (String) The identifier of the user.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


