---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_recommender Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CustomerProfiles::Recommender
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_recommender (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CustomerProfiles::Recommender



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the recommender was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the recommender.
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain for which the recommender will be created
- `failure_reason` (String) The reason for recommender failure.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the recommender was last updated.
- `latest_recommender_update` (Attributes) Information about the latest recommender update (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_recommender_update))
- `recommender_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the recommender.
- `recommender_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the recommender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recommender_config))
- `recommender_name` (String) The name of the recommender
- `recommender_recipe_name` (String) The name of the recommender recipe.
- `status` (String) The status of the recommender
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags used to organize, track, or control access for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `training_metrics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--training_metrics))

<a id="nestedatt--latest_recommender_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_recommender_update`

Read-Only:

- `creation_date_time` (String) The timestamp of when the update was created
- `failure_reason` (String) The reason for update failure
- `last_updated_date_time` (String) The timestamp of when the update was last modified
- `recommender_config` (Attributes) Configuration for the recommender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config))
- `status` (String) The status of the recommender

<a id="nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_recommender_update.recommender_config`

Read-Only:

- `events_config` (Attributes) Configuration for events used in the recommender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config--events_config))

<a id="nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config--events_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_recommender_update.recommender_config.events_config`

Read-Only:

- `event_parameters_list` (Attributes List) List of event parameters with their value thresholds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config--events_config--event_parameters_list))

<a id="nestedatt--latest_recommender_update--recommender_config--events_config--event_parameters_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_recommender_update.recommender_config.events_config.event_parameters_list`

Read-Only:

- `event_type` (String) The type of event
- `event_value_threshold` (Number) The threshold of the event type. Only events with a value greater or equal to this threshold will be considered for solution creation.





<a id="nestedatt--recommender_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recommender_config`

Read-Only:

- `events_config` (Attributes) Configuration for events used in the recommender (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recommender_config--events_config))

<a id="nestedatt--recommender_config--events_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recommender_config.events_config`

Read-Only:

- `event_parameters_list` (Attributes List) List of event parameters with their value thresholds (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recommender_config--events_config--event_parameters_list))

<a id="nestedatt--recommender_config--events_config--event_parameters_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recommender_config.events_config.event_parameters_list`

Read-Only:

- `event_type` (String) The type of event
- `event_value_threshold` (Number) The threshold of the event type. Only events with a value greater or equal to this threshold will be considered for solution creation.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--training_metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `training_metrics`

Read-Only:

- `metrics` (Attributes) Training metrics by type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--training_metrics--metrics))
- `time` (String) Timestamp of the training metrics

<a id="nestedatt--training_metrics--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `training_metrics.metrics`

Read-Only:

- `coverage` (Number)
- `freshness` (Number)
- `hit` (Number)
- `popularity` (Number)
- `recall` (Number)
- `similarity` (Number)
