---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_object_type Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::CustomerProfiles::ObjectType
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_object_type (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::CustomerProfiles::ObjectType



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allow_profile_creation` (Boolean) Indicates whether a profile should be created when data is received.
- `created_at` (String) The time of this integration got created.
- `description` (String) Description of the profile object type.
- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `encryption_key` (String) The default encryption key
- `expiration_days` (Number) The default number of days until the data within the domain expires.
- `fields` (Attributes List) A list of the name and ObjectType field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `keys` (Attributes List) A list of unique keys that can be used to map data to the profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))
- `last_updated_at` (String) The time of this integration got last updated at.
- `max_available_profile_object_count` (Number) The maximum available number of profile objects
- `max_profile_object_count` (Number) The maximum number of profile objects for this object type
- `object_type_name` (String) The name of the profile object type.
- `source_last_updated_timestamp_format` (String) The format of your sourceLastUpdatedTimestamp that was previously set up.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `template_id` (String) A unique identifier for the object template.

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `object_type_field` (Attributes) Represents a field in a ProfileObjectType. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--object_type_field))

<a id="nestedatt--fields--object_type_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.object_type_field`

Read-Only:

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the field. Used for determining equality when searching.
- `source` (String) A field of a ProfileObject. For example: _source.FirstName, where "_source" is a ProfileObjectType of a Zendesk user and "FirstName" is a field in that ObjectType.
- `target` (String) The location of the data in the standard ProfileObject model. For example: _profile.Address.PostalCode.



<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `object_type_key_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--object_type_key_list))

<a id="nestedatt--keys--object_type_key_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.object_type_key_list`

Read-Only:

- `field_names` (List of String) The reference for the key name of the fields map.
- `standard_identifiers` (List of String) The types of keys that a ProfileObject can have. Each ProfileObject can have only 1 UNIQUE key but multiple PROFILE keys. PROFILE means that this key can be used to tie an object to a PROFILE. UNIQUE means that it can be used to uniquely identify an object. If a key a is marked as SECONDARY, it will be used to search for profiles after all other PROFILE keys have been searched. A LOOKUP_ONLY key is only used to match a profile but is not persisted to be used for searching of the profile. A NEW_ONLY key is only used if the profile does not already exist before the object is ingested, otherwise it is only used for matching objects to profiles.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
