---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_hdfs Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationHDFS
---

# awscc_datasync_location_hdfs (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationHDFS



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `agent_arns` (List of String) ARN(s) of the agent(s) to use for an HDFS location.
- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication mode used to determine identity of user.
- `block_size` (Number) Size of chunks (blocks) in bytes that the data is divided into when stored in the HDFS cluster.
- `cmk_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a DataSync-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location, and a customer-managed AWS KMS key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cmk_secret_config))
- `custom_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a customer-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location, and an IAM role that DataSync can assume and access the customer-managed secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_secret_config))
- `kerberos_keytab` (String) The Base64 string representation of the Keytab file.
- `kerberos_krb_5_conf` (String) The string representation of the Krb5Conf file, or the presigned URL to access the Krb5.conf file within an S3 bucket.
- `kerberos_principal` (String) The unique identity, or principal, to which Kerberos can assign tickets.
- `kms_key_provider_uri` (String) The identifier for the Key Management Server where the encryption keys that encrypt data inside HDFS clusters are stored.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the HDFS location.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the HDFS location that was described.
- `managed_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a DataSync-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location. DataSync uses the default AWS-managed KMS key to encrypt this secret in AWS Secrets Manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_secret_config))
- `name_nodes` (Attributes List) An array of Name Node(s) of the HDFS location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name_nodes))
- `qop_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration information for RPC Protection and Data Transfer Protection. These parameters can be set to AUTHENTICATION, INTEGRITY, or PRIVACY. The default value is PRIVACY. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--qop_configuration))
- `replication_factor` (Number) Number of copies of each block that exists inside the HDFS cluster.
- `simple_user` (String) The user name that has read and write permissions on the specified HDFS cluster.
- `subdirectory` (String) The subdirectory in HDFS that is used to read data from the HDFS source location or write data to the HDFS destination.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--cmk_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cmk_secret_config`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for the customer-managed AWS KMS key used to encrypt the secret specified for SecretArn. DataSync provides this key to AWS Secrets Manager.
- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for an AWS Secrets Manager secret, managed by DataSync.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_secret_config`

Read-Only:

- `secret_access_role_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for the AWS Identity and Access Management role that DataSync uses to access the secret specified for SecretArn.
- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for a customer created AWS Secrets Manager secret.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_secret_config`

Read-Only:

- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for an AWS Secrets Manager secret.


<a id="nestedatt--name_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) The DNS name or IP address of the Name Node in the customer's on premises HDFS cluster.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the Name Node is listening on for client requests.


<a id="nestedatt--qop_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qop_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `data_transfer_protection` (String) Configuration for Data Transfer Protection.
- `rpc_protection` (String) Configuration for RPC Protection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
