---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_data_source Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::DataSource
---

# awscc_datazone_data_source (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::DataSource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `asset_forms_input` (Attributes List) The metadata forms that are to be attached to the assets that this data source works with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--asset_forms_input))
- `configuration` (Attributes) Configuration of the data source. It can be set to either glueRunConfiguration or redshiftRunConfiguration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `connection_id` (String) The unique identifier of a connection used to fetch relevant parameters from connection during Datasource run
- `connection_identifier` (String) The unique identifier of a connection used to fetch relevant parameters from connection during Datasource run
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the data source was created.
- `data_source_id` (String) The unique identifier of the data source.
- `description` (String) The description of the data source.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain where the data source is created.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain where the data source is created.
- `enable_setting` (String) Specifies whether the data source is enabled.
- `environment_id` (String) The unique identifier of the Amazon DataZone environment to which the data source publishes assets.
- `environment_identifier` (String) The unique identifier of the Amazon DataZone environment to which the data source publishes assets.
- `last_run_asset_count` (Number) The number of assets created by the data source during its last run.
- `last_run_at` (String) The timestamp that specifies when the data source was last run.
- `last_run_status` (String) The status of the last run of this data source.
- `name` (String) The name of the data source.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone project to which the data source is added.
- `project_identifier` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone project in which you want to add the data source.
- `publish_on_import` (Boolean) Specifies whether the assets that this data source creates in the inventory are to be also automatically published to the catalog.
- `recommendation` (Attributes) Specifies whether the business name generation is to be enabled for this data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recommendation))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule of the data source runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `status` (String) The status of the data source.
- `type` (String) The type of the data source.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when this data source was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--asset_forms_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asset_forms_input`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) The content of the metadata form.
- `form_name` (String) The name of the metadata form.
- `type_identifier` (String) The ID of the metadata form type.
- `type_revision` (String) The revision of the metadata form type.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `glue_run_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration))
- `redshift_run_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration details of the Amazon Redshift data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration))
- `sage_maker_run_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration details of the Amazon SageMaker data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--sage_maker_run_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.glue_run_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `auto_import_data_quality_result` (Boolean) Specifies whether to automatically import data quality metrics as part of the data source run.
- `catalog_name` (String) The catalog name in the AWS Glue run configuration.
- `data_access_role` (String) The data access role included in the configuration details of the AWS Glue data source.
- `relational_filter_configurations` (Attributes List) The relational filter configurations included in the configuration details of the AWS Glue data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.glue_run_configuration.relational_filter_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The database name specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source.
- `filter_expressions` (Attributes List) The filter expressions specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations--filter_expressions))
- `schema_name` (String) The schema name specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--glue_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations--filter_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.glue_run_configuration.relational_filter_configurations.filter_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `expression` (String)
- `type` (String) The search filter expression type.




<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `data_access_role` (String) The data access role included in the configuration details of the Amazon Redshift data source.
- `redshift_credential_configuration` (Attributes) The details of the credentials required to access an Amazon Redshift cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_credential_configuration))
- `redshift_storage` (Attributes) The details of the Amazon Redshift storage as part of the configuration of an Amazon Redshift data source run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage))
- `relational_filter_configurations` (Attributes List) The relational filter configurations included in the configuration details of the Amazon Redshift data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_credential_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.redshift_credential_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `secret_manager_arn` (String) The ARN of a secret manager for an Amazon Redshift cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.redshift_storage`

Read-Only:

- `redshift_cluster_source` (Attributes) The name of an Amazon Redshift cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage--redshift_cluster_source))
- `redshift_serverless_source` (Attributes) The details of the Amazon Redshift Serverless workgroup storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage--redshift_serverless_source))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage--redshift_cluster_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.redshift_storage.redshift_cluster_source`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of an Amazon Redshift cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--redshift_storage--redshift_serverless_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.redshift_storage.redshift_serverless_source`

Read-Only:

- `workgroup_name` (String) The name of the Amazon Redshift Serverless workgroup.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.relational_filter_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `database_name` (String) The database name specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source.
- `filter_expressions` (Attributes List) The filter expressions specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations--filter_expressions))
- `schema_name` (String) The schema name specified in the relational filter configuration for the data source.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--redshift_run_configuration--relational_filter_configurations--filter_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.redshift_run_configuration.relational_filter_configurations.filter_expressions`

Read-Only:

- `expression` (String)
- `type` (String) The search filter expression type.




<a id="nestedatt--configuration--sage_maker_run_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.sage_maker_run_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `tracking_assets` (Map of List of String) The tracking assets of the Amazon SageMaker run.



<a id="nestedatt--recommendation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recommendation`

Read-Only:

- `enable_business_name_generation` (Boolean) Specifies whether automatic business name generation is to be enabled or not as part of the recommendation configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `schedule` (String) The schedule of the data source runs.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone of the data source run.
