---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_environment_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::EnvironmentProfile
---

# awscc_datazone_environment_profile (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::EnvironmentProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account in which the Amazon DataZone environment is created.
- `aws_account_region` (String) The AWS region in which this environment profile is created.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when this environment profile was created.
- `created_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who created this environment profile.
- `description` (String) The description of this Amazon DataZone environment profile.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this environment profile is created.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this environment profile is created.
- `environment_blueprint_id` (String) The ID of the blueprint with which this environment profile is created.
- `environment_blueprint_identifier` (String) The ID of the blueprint with which this environment profile is created.
- `name` (String) The name of this Amazon DataZone environment profile.
- `project_id` (String) The identifier of the project in which to create the environment profile.
- `project_identifier` (String) The identifier of the project in which to create the environment profile.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when this environment profile was updated.
- `user_parameters` (Attributes List) The user parameters of this Amazon DataZone environment profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of an environment profile parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of an environment profile parameter.
