---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_form_type Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::FormType
---

# awscc_datazone_form_type (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::FormType



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when this Amazon DataZone metadata form type was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `description` (String) The description of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this metadata form type is created.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this metadata form type is created.
- `form_type_identifier` (String) The ID of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `model` (Attributes) The model of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--model))
- `name` (String) The name of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `owning_project_id` (String) The ID of the project that owns this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `owning_project_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone project that owns this metadata form type.
- `revision` (String) The revision of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `status` (String) The status of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.

<a id="nestedatt--model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `model`

Read-Only:

- `smithy` (String)
