---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::Domain
---

# awscc_datazone_domain (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::Domain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the Amazon DataZone domain was last updated.
- `description` (String) The description of the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `domain_execution_role` (String) The domain execution role that is created when an Amazon DataZone domain is created. The domain execution role is created in the AWS account that houses the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `domain_id` (String) The id of the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `domain_version` (String) The version of the domain.
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) The identifier of the AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key that is used to encrypt the Amazon DataZone domain, metadata, and reporting data.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the Amazon DataZone domain was last updated.
- `managed_account_id` (String) The identifier of the AWS account that manages the domain.
- `name` (String) The name of the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `portal_url` (String) The URL of the data portal for this Amazon DataZone domain.
- `root_domain_unit_id` (String) The ID of the root domain in Amazon Datazone.
- `service_role` (String) The service role of the domain that is created.
- `single_sign_on` (Attributes) The single-sign on configuration of the Amazon DataZone domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--single_sign_on))
- `status` (String) The status of the Amazon DataZone domain.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags specified for the Amazon DataZone domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--single_sign_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `single_sign_on`

Read-Only:

- `idc_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Identity Center instance.
- `type` (String) The type of single sign-on in Amazon DataZone.
- `user_assignment` (String) The single sign-on user assignment in Amazon DataZone.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
