---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_object_storage Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationObjectStorage
---

# awscc_datasync_location_object_storage (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationObjectStorage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_key` (String) Optional. The access key is used if credentials are required to access the self-managed object storage server.
- `agent_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the agents associated with the self-managed object storage server location.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket on the self-managed object storage server.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the location that is created.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the object storage location that was described.
- `secret_key` (String) Optional. The secret key is used if credentials are required to access the self-managed object storage server.
- `server_hostname` (String) The name of the self-managed object storage server. This value is the IP address or Domain Name Service (DNS) name of the object storage server.
- `server_port` (Number) The port that your self-managed server accepts inbound network traffic on.
- `server_protocol` (String) The protocol that the object storage server uses to communicate.
- `subdirectory` (String) The subdirectory in the self-managed object storage server that is used to read data from.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.


