---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_project Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::Project
---

# awscc_datazone_project (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataZone::Project



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the project was created.
- `created_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who created the project.
- `description` (String) The description of the Amazon DataZone project.
- `domain_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the project was created.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this project is created.
- `domain_unit_id` (String) The ID of the domain unit.
- `glossary_terms` (List of String) The glossary terms that can be used in this Amazon DataZone project.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the project was last updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the Amazon DataZone project.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone project.
- `project_profile_id` (String) The project profile ID.
- `project_profile_version` (String) The project profile version to which the project should be updated. You can only specify the following string for this parameter: latest.
- `project_status` (String) The status of the project.
- `user_parameters` (Attributes List) The user parameters of the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `environment_configuration_name` (String)
- `environment_id` (String)
- `environment_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters--environment_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters--environment_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters.environment_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
