---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_storage_system Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::StorageSystem
---

# awscc_datasync_storage_system (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::StorageSystem



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `agent_arns` (List of String) The ARN of the DataSync agent that connects to and reads from the on-premises storage system's management interface.
- `cloudwatch_log_group_arn` (String) The ARN of the Amazon CloudWatch log group used to monitor and log discovery job events.
- `connectivity_status` (String) Indicates whether the DataSync agent can access the on-premises storage system.
- `name` (String) A familiar name for the on-premises storage system.
- `secrets_manager_arn` (String) The ARN of a secret stored by AWS Secrets Manager.
- `server_configuration` (Attributes) The server name and network port required to connect with the management interface of the on-premises storage system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_configuration))
- `server_credentials` (Attributes) The username and password for accessing your on-premises storage system's management interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server_credentials))
- `storage_system_arn` (String) The ARN of the on-premises storage system added to DataSync Discovery.
- `system_type` (String) The type of on-premises storage system that DataSync Discovery will analyze.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--server_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `server_hostname` (String) The domain name or IP address of the storage system's management interface.
- `server_port` (Number) The network port needed to access the system's management interface


<a id="nestedatt--server_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String) The password for your storage system's management interface
- `username` (String) The username for your storage system's management interface.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.
