---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationFSxOpenZFS
---

# awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationFSxOpenZFS



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `fsx_filesystem_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the FSx OpenZFS file system.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon FSx OpenZFS file system location that is created.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the FSx OpenZFS that was described.
- `protocol` (Attributes) Configuration settings for an NFS or SMB protocol, currently only support NFS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))
- `security_group_arns` (List of String) The ARNs of the security groups that are to use to configure the FSx OpenZFS file system.
- `subdirectory` (String) A subdirectory in the location's path.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Read-Only:

- `nfs` (Attributes) FSx OpenZFS file system NFS protocol information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--nfs))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.nfs`

Read-Only:

- `mount_options` (Attributes) The NFS mount options that DataSync can use to mount your NFS share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--nfs--mount_options))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--nfs--mount_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.nfs.mount_options`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String) The specific NFS version that you want DataSync to use to mount your NFS share.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.


