---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::Connection
---

# awscc_directconnect_connection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::Connection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the connection.
- `connection_arn` (String) The ARN of the connection.
- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the connection.
- `connection_name` (String) The name of the connection.
- `connection_state` (String) The state of the connection.
- `lag_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the LAG to associate the connection with.
- `location` (String) The location of the connection.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the service provider associated with the requested connection.
- `request_mac_sec` (Boolean) Indicates whether you want the connection to support MAC Security (MACsec).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
