---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_lag Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::Lag
---

# awscc_directconnect_lag (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::Lag



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `connections_bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the individual physical dedicated connections bundled by the LAG.
- `lag_arn` (String) The ARN of the LAG.
- `lag_id` (String) The ID of the LAG.
- `lag_name` (String) The name of the LAG.
- `lag_state` (String) The state of the LAG.
- `location` (String) The location for the LAG.
- `minimum_links` (Number) The minimum number of physical dedicated connections that must be operational for the LAG itself to be operational.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the service provider associated with the requested LAG.
- `request_mac_sec` (Boolean) Indicates whether you want the LAG to support MAC Security (MACsec).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the LAG. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
