---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_transit_virtual_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::TransitVirtualInterface
---

# awscc_directconnect_transit_virtual_interface (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DirectConnect::TransitVirtualInterface



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allocate_transit_virtual_interface_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to allocate the TransitVifAllocation. Needs directconnect:AllocateTransitVirtualInterface permissions and tag permissions if applicable.
- `bgp_peers` (Attributes Set) The BGP peers configured on this virtual interface.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers))
- `connection_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the connection or LAG.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the Direct Connect gateway.
- `enable_site_link` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable or disable SiteLink.
- `mtu` (Number) The maximum transmission unit (MTU), in bytes. The supported values are 1500 and 9001. The default value is 1500.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the private virtual interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `virtual_interface_arn` (String) The ARN of the virtual interface.
- `virtual_interface_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface.
- `virtual_interface_name` (String) The name of the virtual interface assigned by the customer network. The name has a maximum of 100 characters. The following are valid characters: a-z, 0-9 and a hyphen (-).
- `vlan` (Number) The ID of the VLAN.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers`

Read-Only:

- `address_family` (String) The address family for the BGP peer.
- `amazon_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the Amazon interface.
- `asn` (String) The autonomous system (AS) number for Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) configuration.
- `auth_key` (String) The authentication key for BGP configuration. This string has a minimum length of 6 characters and and a maximum length of 80 characters.
- `bgp_peer_id` (String)
- `customer_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the customer interface.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
