---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_docdb_global_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::DocDB::GlobalCluster
---

# awscc_docdb_global_cluster (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::DocDB::GlobalCluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Indicates whether the global cluster has deletion protection enabled. The global cluster can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The database engine to use for this global cluster.
- `engine_version` (String) The engine version to use for this global cluster.
- `global_cluster_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the global cluster.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global cluster.
- `global_cluster_resource_id` (String) The AWS Region-unique, immutable identifier for the global database cluster. This identifier is found in AWS CloudTrail log entries whenever the AWS KMS key for the DB cluster is accessed.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use as the primary cluster of the global cluster. You may also choose to instead specify the DBClusterIdentifier. If you provide a value for this parameter, don't specify values for the following settings because Amazon DocumentDB uses the values from the specified source DB cluster: Engine, EngineVersion, StorageEncrypted
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates whether the global cluster has storage encryption enabled.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags to be assigned to the Amazon DocumentDB resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
