---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolver
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolver



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `address_family` (String) The address family of the address space in this Prefix List Resolver. Either IPv4 or IPv6.
- `description` (String)
- `ipam_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM this Prefix List Resolver is a part of.
- `ipam_id` (String) The Id of the IPAM this Prefix List Resolver is a part of.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules define the business logic for selecting CIDRs from IPAM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Two of the rule types allow you to add conditions to the rules. (1) For IPAM Pool CIDR rules, you can specify an ipamPoolId; if not specified, the rule will apply to all IPAM Pool CIDRs in the scope.  (2) For IPAM Resource CIDR rules, you can specify resourceId, resourceOwner, resourceRegion, cidr, or resourceTag. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions))
- `ipam_scope_id` (String) This rule will only match resources that are in this IPAM Scope.
- `resource_type` (String) The resourceType property only applies to ipam-resource-cidr rules; this property specifies what type of resources this rule will apply to, such as VPCs or Subnets.
- `rule_type` (String) There are three rule types: (1) Static CIDR: A fixed list of CIDRs that don't change (like a manual list replicated across Regions). (2) IPAM pool CIDR: CIDRs from specific IPAM pools (like all CIDRs from your IPAM production pool).  (3) IPAM resource CIDR: CIDRs for AWS resources like VPCs, subnets, and EIPs within a specific IPAM scope.
- `static_cidr` (String) A fixed CIDR that doesn't change

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) Condition for the IPAM Resource CIDR rule type.  CIDR (like 10.24.34.0/23).
- `ipam_pool_id` (String) Condition for the IPAM Pool CIDR rule type.  If not chosen, the resolver applies to all IPAM Pool CIDRs in the scope.
- `operation` (String) Equals, Not equals, or Subnet Of.  The subnet-of operation only applies to cidr conditions.
- `resource_id` (String) Condition for the IPAM Resource CIDR rule type.  The unique ID of a resource (like vpc-1234567890abcdef0).
- `resource_owner` (String) Condition for the IPAM Resource CIDR rule type.  Resource owner (like 111122223333).
- `resource_region` (String) Condition for the IPAM Resource CIDR rule type.  Resource region (like us-east-1).
- `resource_tag` (Attributes) Condition for the IPAM Resource CIDR rule type.  Resource Tag (like dev-vpc-1). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--conditions--resource_tag))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--conditions--resource_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.conditions.resource_tag`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
