---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayConnectPeer
---

# awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayConnectPeer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `connect_peer_configuration` (Attributes) The Connect peer details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration))
- `creation_time` (String) The creation time.
- `state` (String) The state of the Connect peer.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the Connect Peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The ID of the Connect attachment.
- `transit_gateway_connect_peer_id` (String) The ID of the Connect peer.

<a id="nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connect_peer_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_configurations` (Attributes List) The BGP configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration--bgp_configurations))
- `inside_cidr_blocks` (List of String) The range of interior BGP peer IP addresses.
- `peer_address` (String) The peer IP address (GRE outer IP address) on the appliance side of the Connect peer.
- `protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol.
- `transit_gateway_address` (String) The Connect peer IP address on the transit gateway side of the tunnel.

<a id="nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration--bgp_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connect_peer_configuration.bgp_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_status` (String) The BGP status.
- `peer_address` (String) The interior BGP peer IP address for the appliance.
- `peer_asn` (Number) The peer Autonomous System Number (ASN).
- `transit_gateway_address` (String) The interior BGP peer IP address for the transit gateway.
- `transit_gateway_asn` (Number) The transit gateway Autonomous System Number (ASN).



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with aws: .
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.
