---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_host Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::Host
---

# awscc_ec2_host (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::Host



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `asset_id` (String) The ID of the Outpost hardware asset.
- `auto_placement` (String) Indicates whether the host accepts any untargeted instance launches that match its instance type configuration, or if it only accepts Host tenancy instance launches that specify its unique host ID.
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to allocate the Dedicated Host.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the host created.
- `host_maintenance` (String) Automatically allocates a new dedicated host and moves your instances on to it if a degradation is detected on your current host.
- `host_recovery` (String) Indicates whether to enable or disable host recovery for the Dedicated Host. Host recovery is disabled by default.
- `instance_family` (String) Specifies the instance family to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance family, the Dedicated Hosts support multiple instance types within that instance family.
- `instance_type` (String) Specifies the instance type to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance type, the Dedicated Hosts support instances of the specified instance type only.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Web Services Outpost on which to allocate the Dedicated Host.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the Host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
