---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_scope Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMScope
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_scope (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMScope



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM scope.
- **description** (String)
- **ipam_arn** (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM this scope is a part of.
- **ipam_id** (String) The Id of the IPAM this scope is a part of.
- **ipam_scope_id** (String) Id of the IPAM scope.
- **ipam_scope_type** (String) Determines whether this scope contains publicly routable space or space for a private network
- **is_default** (Boolean) Is this one of the default scopes created with the IPAM.
- **pool_count** (Number) The number of pools that currently exist in this scope.
- **tags** (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- **value** (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


