---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_vpc Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VPC
---

# awscc_ec2_vpc (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VPC



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `cidr_block` (String) The IPv4 network range for the VPC, in CIDR notation. For example, ``10.0.0.0/16``. We modify the specified CIDR block to its canonical form; for example, if you specify ``100.68.0.18/18``, we modify it to ``100.68.0.0/18``.
 You must specify either``CidrBlock`` or ``Ipv4IpamPoolId``.
- `cidr_block_associations` (List of String)
- `default_network_acl` (String)
- `default_security_group` (String)
- `enable_dns_hostnames` (Boolean) Indicates whether the instances launched in the VPC get DNS hostnames. If enabled, instances in the VPC get DNS hostnames; otherwise, they do not. Disabled by default for nondefault VPCs. For more information, see [DNS attributes in your VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-dns.html#vpc-dns-support).
 You can only enable DNS hostnames if you've enabled DNS support.
- `enable_dns_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether the DNS resolution is supported for the VPC. If enabled, queries to the Amazon provided DNS server at the 169.254.169.253 IP address, or the reserved IP address at the base of the VPC network range "plus two" succeed. If disabled, the Amazon provided DNS service in the VPC that resolves public DNS hostnames to IP addresses is not enabled. Enabled by default. For more information, see [DNS attributes in your VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-dns.html#vpc-dns-support).
- `instance_tenancy` (String) The allowed tenancy of instances launched into the VPC.
  +  ``default``: An instance launched into the VPC runs on shared hardware by default, unless you explicitly specify a different tenancy during instance launch.
  +  ``dedicated``: An instance launched into the VPC runs on dedicated hardware by default, unless you explicitly specify a tenancy of ``host`` during instance launch. You cannot specify a tenancy of ``default`` during instance launch.
  
 Updating ``InstanceTenancy`` requires no replacement only if you are updating its value from ``dedicated`` to ``default``. Updating ``InstanceTenancy`` from ``default`` to ``dedicated`` requires replacement.
- `ipv_4_ipam_pool_id` (String) The ID of an IPv4 IPAM pool you want to use for allocating this VPC's CIDR. For more information, see [What is IPAM?](https://docs.aws.amazon.com//vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the *Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide*.
 You must specify either``CidrBlock`` or ``Ipv4IpamPoolId``.
- `ipv_4_netmask_length` (Number) The netmask length of the IPv4 CIDR you want to allocate to this VPC from an Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) pool. For more information about IPAM, see [What is IPAM?](https://docs.aws.amazon.com//vpc/latest/ipam/what-is-it-ipam.html) in the *Amazon VPC IPAM User Guide*.
- `ipv_6_cidr_blocks` (List of String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_encryption_control` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control))
- `vpc_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control`

Read-Only:

- `egress_only_internet_gateway_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for Egress-Only Internet Gateways.
- `elastic_file_system_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for Elastic File System.
- `internet_gateway_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for Internet Gateways.
- `lambda_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for Lambda.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the VPC encryption control.
- `nat_gateway_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for NAT Gateways.
- `resource_exclusions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions))
- `state` (String) The state of the VPC encryption control.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the state of the VPC encryption control.
- `virtual_private_gateway_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for Virtual Private Gateways.
- `vpc_encryption_control_id` (String) The ID of the VPC encryption control.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC.
- `vpc_lattice_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for VPC Lattice.
- `vpc_peering_exclusion` (String) The desired exclusion mode for VPC Peering.

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions`

Read-Only:

- `egress_only_internet_gateway` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--egress_only_internet_gateway))
- `elastic_file_system` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--elastic_file_system))
- `internet_gateway` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--internet_gateway))
- `lambda` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--lambda))
- `nat_gateway` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--nat_gateway))
- `virtual_private_gateway` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--virtual_private_gateway))
- `vpc_lattice` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--vpc_lattice))
- `vpc_peering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--vpc_peering))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--egress_only_internet_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.egress_only_internet_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--elastic_file_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.elastic_file_system`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--internet_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.internet_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--lambda"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.lambda`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--nat_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.nat_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--virtual_private_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.virtual_private_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--vpc_lattice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.vpc_lattice`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_encryption_control--resource_exclusions--vpc_peering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_encryption_control.resource_exclusions.vpc_peering`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) The exclusion state of the resource type.
- `state_message` (String) A message describing the exclusion state of the resource type.
