---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_route Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::Route
---

# awscc_ec2_route (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::Route



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `carrier_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the carrier gateway.
 You can only use this option when the VPC contains a subnet which is associated with a Wavelength Zone.
- `cidr_block` (String)
- `core_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the core network.
- `destination_cidr_block` (String) The IPv4 CIDR address block used for the destination match. Routing decisions are based on the most specific match. We modify the specified CIDR block to its canonical form; for example, if you specify ``100.68.0.18/18``, we modify it to ``100.68.0.0/18``.
- `destination_ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) The IPv6 CIDR block used for the destination match. Routing decisions are based on the most specific match.
- `destination_prefix_list_id` (String) The ID of a prefix list used for the destination match.
- `egress_only_internet_gateway_id` (String) [IPv6 traffic only] The ID of an egress-only internet gateway.
- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of an internet gateway or virtual private gateway attached to your VPC.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of a NAT instance in your VPC. The operation fails if you specify an instance ID unless exactly one network interface is attached.
- `local_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) [IPv4 traffic only] The ID of a NAT gateway.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of a network interface.
- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table for the route.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of a transit gateway.
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of a VPC endpoint. Supported for Gateway Load Balancer endpoints only.
- `vpc_peering_connection_id` (String) The ID of a VPC peering connection.
