---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayMulticastDomain
---

# awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayMulticastDomain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time the transit gateway multicast domain was created.
- `options` (Attributes) The options for the transit gateway multicast domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `state` (String) The state of the transit gateway multicast domain.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the transit gateway multicast domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway.
- `transit_gateway_multicast_domain_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the transit gateway multicast domain.
- `transit_gateway_multicast_domain_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway multicast domain.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `auto_accept_shared_associations` (String) Indicates whether to automatically cross-account subnet associations that are associated with the transit gateway multicast domain. Valid Values: enable | disable
- `igmpv_2_support` (String) Indicates whether Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) version 2 is turned on for the transit gateway multicast domain. Valid Values: enable | disable
- `static_sources_support` (String) Indicates whether support for statically configuring transit gateway multicast group sources is turned on. Valid Values: enable | disable


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with aws:.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 255 Unicode characters.


