---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::LocalGatewayVirtualInterface
---

# awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::LocalGatewayVirtualInterface



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `configuration_state` (String) The current state of the local gateway virtual interface
- `local_address` (String) The local address.
- `local_bgp_asn` (Number) The Autonomous System Number(ASN) for the local Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)
- `local_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway
- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_group_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface group
- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface
- `outpost_lag_id` (String) The Outpost LAG ID.
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the local gateway virtual interface group
- `peer_address` (String) The peer address.
- `peer_bgp_asn` (Number) The peer BGP ASN.
- `peer_bgp_asn_extended` (Number) The extended 32-bit ASN of the BGP peer for use with larger ASN values.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vlan` (Number) The ID of the VLAN.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
