---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_verified_access_endpoint Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessEndpoint
---

# awscc_ec2_verified_access_endpoint (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessEndpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `application_domain` (String) The DNS name for users to reach your application.
- `attachment_type` (String) The type of attachment used to provide connectivity between the AWS Verified Access endpoint and the application.
- `cidr_options` (Attributes) The options for cidr type endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cidr_options))
- `creation_time` (String) The creation time.
- `description` (String) A description for the AWS Verified Access endpoint.
- `device_validation_domain` (String) Returned if endpoint has a device trust provider attached.
- `domain_certificate_arn` (String) The ARN of a public TLS/SSL certificate imported into or created with ACM.
- `endpoint_domain` (String) A DNS name that is generated for the endpoint.
- `endpoint_domain_prefix` (String) A custom identifier that gets prepended to a DNS name that is generated for the endpoint.
- `endpoint_type` (String) The type of AWS Verified Access endpoint. Incoming application requests will be sent to an IP address, load balancer or a network interface depending on the endpoint type specified.The type of AWS Verified Access endpoint. Incoming application requests will be sent to an IP address, load balancer or a network interface depending on the endpoint type specified.
- `last_updated_time` (String) The last updated time.
- `load_balancer_options` (Attributes) The load balancer details if creating the AWS Verified Access endpoint as load-balancer type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancer_options))
- `network_interface_options` (Attributes) The options for network-interface type endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface_options))
- `policy_document` (String) The AWS Verified Access policy document.
- `policy_enabled` (Boolean) The status of the Verified Access policy.
- `rds_options` (Attributes) The options for rds type endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rds_options))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the security groups for the endpoint.
- `sse_specification` (Attributes) The configuration options for customer provided KMS encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_specification))
- `status` (String) The endpoint status.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `verified_access_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access endpoint.
- `verified_access_group_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access group.
- `verified_access_instance_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access instance.

<a id="nestedatt--cidr_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_options`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The IP address range, in CIDR notation.
- `port_ranges` (Attributes Set) The list of port range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cidr_options--port_ranges))
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the subnets.

<a id="nestedatt--cidr_options--port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cidr_options.port_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `from_port` (Number) The first port in the range.
- `to_port` (Number) The last port in the range.



<a id="nestedatt--load_balancer_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer_options`

Read-Only:

- `load_balancer_arn` (String) The ARN of the load balancer.
- `port` (Number) The IP port number.
- `port_ranges` (Attributes Set) The list of port range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancer_options--port_ranges))
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the subnets.

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancer_options--port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer_options.port_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `from_port` (Number) The first port in the range.
- `to_port` (Number) The last port in the range.



<a id="nestedatt--network_interface_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface_options`

Read-Only:

- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of the network interface.
- `port` (Number) The IP port number.
- `port_ranges` (Attributes Set) The list of port ranges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface_options--port_ranges))
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface_options--port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface_options.port_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `from_port` (Number) The first port in the range.
- `to_port` (Number) The last port in the range.



<a id="nestedatt--rds_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rds_options`

Read-Only:

- `port` (Number) The IP port number.
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol.
- `rds_db_cluster_arn` (String) The ARN of the RDS DB cluster.
- `rds_db_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the RDS DB instance.
- `rds_db_proxy_arn` (String) The ARN of the RDS DB proxy.
- `rds_endpoint` (String) The RDS endpoint.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the subnets.


<a id="nestedatt--sse_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_specification`

Read-Only:

- `customer_managed_key_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to encrypt the policy with the provided key or disable encryption
- `kms_key_arn` (String) KMS Key Arn used to encrypt the group policy


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
