---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::InstanceConnectEndpoint
---

# awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::InstanceConnectEndpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The ID of the Availability Zone of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `client_token` (String) The client token of the instance connect endpoint.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created
- `instance_connect_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `instance_connect_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) The ID of the elastic network interface that Amazon EC2 automatically created when creating the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account that created the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `preserve_client_ip` (Boolean) Indicates whether your client's IP address is preserved as the source when you connect to a resource.
- `public_dns_names` (Attributes) The public DNS names of the endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names))
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The security groups associated with the endpoint.
- `state` (String) The current state of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `state_message` (String) The message for the current state of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. Can include a failure message
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet in which the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC in which the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created

<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names`

Read-Only:

- `dualstack` (Attributes) The dualstack DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. A dualstack DNS name supports connections from both IPv4 and IPv6 clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names--dualstack))
- `ipv_4` (Attributes) The IPv4-only DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names--ipv_4))

<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names--dualstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names.dualstack`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `fips_dns_name` (String) The Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names--ipv_4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names.ipv_4`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `fips_dns_name` (String) The Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
