---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_network_acl_entry Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::NetworkAclEntry
---

# awscc_ec2_network_acl_entry (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::NetworkAclEntry



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- **cidr_block** (String) The IPv4 CIDR range to allow or deny, in CIDR notation (for example, 172.16.0.0/24). Requirement is conditional: You must specify the CidrBlock or Ipv6CidrBlock property
- **egress** (Boolean) Indicates whether this is an egress rule (rule is applied to traffic leaving the subnet)
- **icmp** (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icmp))
- **ipv_6_cidr_block** (String) The IPv6 network range to allow or deny, in CIDR notation (for example 2001:db8:1234:1a00::/64)
- **network_acl_id** (String) The ID of the network ACL
- **port_range** (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_range))
- **protocol** (Number) The protocol number. A value of "-1" means all protocols. If you specify "-1" or a protocol number other than "6" (TCP), "17" (UDP), or "1" (ICMP), traffic on all ports is allowed, regardless of any ports or ICMP types or codes that you specify. If you specify protocol "58" (ICMPv6) and specify an IPv4 CIDR block, traffic for all ICMP types and codes allowed, regardless of any that you specify. If you specify protocol "58" (ICMPv6) and specify an IPv6 CIDR block, you must specify an ICMP type and code
- **rule_action** (String) Indicates whether to allow or deny the traffic that matches the rule
- **rule_number** (Number) Rule number to assign to the entry, such as 100. ACL entries are processed in ascending order by rule number. Entries can't use the same rule number unless one is an egress rule and the other is an ingress rule

<a id="nestedatt--icmp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icmp`

Read-Only:

- **code** (Number)
- **type** (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_range`

Read-Only:

- **from** (Number)
- **to** (Number)


