---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessInstance
---

# awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessInstance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `cidr_endpoints_custom_sub_domain` (String) Introduce CidrEndpointsCustomSubDomain property to represent the domain (say, ava.my-company.com)
- `cidr_endpoints_custom_sub_domain_name_servers` (List of String) Property to represent the name servers assoicated with the domain that AVA manages (say, ['ns1.amazonaws.com', 'ns2.amazonaws.com', 'ns3.amazonaws.com', 'ns4.amazonaws.com']).
- `creation_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Instance was created.
- `description` (String) A description for the AWS Verified Access instance.
- `fips_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether FIPS is enabled
- `last_updated_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Instance was last updated.
- `logging_configurations` (Attributes) The configuration options for AWS Verified Access instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `verified_access_instance_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access instance.
- `verified_access_trust_provider_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the AWS Verified Access trust providers.
- `verified_access_trust_providers` (Attributes Set) AWS Verified Access trust providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verified_access_trust_providers))

<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to CloudWatch Logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--cloudwatch_logs))
- `include_trust_context` (Boolean) Include claims from trust providers in Verified Access logs.
- `kinesis_data_firehose` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to Kinesis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--kinesis_data_firehose))
- `log_version` (String) Select log version for Verified Access logs.
- `s3` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.cloudwatch_logs`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.
- `log_group` (String) The ID of the CloudWatch Logs log group.


<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--kinesis_data_firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.kinesis_data_firehose`

Read-Only:

- `delivery_stream` (String) The ID of the delivery stream.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.s3`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) The bucket name.
- `bucket_owner` (String) The ID of the AWS account that owns the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.
- `prefix` (String) The bucket prefix.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--verified_access_trust_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verified_access_trust_providers`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of trust provider.
- `device_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of device-based trust provider.
- `trust_provider_type` (String) The type of trust provider (user- or device-based).
- `user_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of user-based trust provider.
- `verified_access_trust_provider_id` (String) The ID of the trust provider.
