---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::CapacityManagerDataExport
---

# awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::CapacityManagerDataExport



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `capacity_manager_data_export_id` (String) The unique identifier of the capacity manager data export.
- `output_format` (String) The format of the exported capacity manager data. Choose 'csv' for comma-separated values or 'parquet' for optimized columnar storage format.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the capacity manager data export will be stored. The bucket must exist and be accessible by EC2 Capacity Manager service.
- `s3_bucket_prefix` (String) The prefix for the S3 bucket location where exported files will be placed. If not specified, files will be placed in the root of the bucket.
- `schedule` (String) The schedule for the capacity manager data export. Currently supports hourly exports that provide periodic snapshots of capacity manager data.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to the capacity manager data export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
