---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolverTarget
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolverTarget



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `desired_version` (Number) The desired version of the Prefix List Resolver that this Target should synchronize with.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_id` (String) The Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver associated with this Target.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_arn` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver Target.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver Target.
- `prefix_list_id` (String) The Id of the Managed Prefix List.
- `prefix_list_region` (String) The region that the Managed Prefix List is located in.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `track_latest_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Target automatically tracks the latest version of the Prefix List Resolver.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
