---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_customer_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::CustomerGateway
---

# awscc_ec2_customer_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::CustomerGateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `bgp_asn` (Number) For customer gateway devices that support BGP, specify the device's ASN. You must specify either ``BgpAsn`` or ``BgpAsnExtended`` when creating the customer gateway. If the ASN is larger than ``2,147,483,647``, you must use ``BgpAsnExtended``.
 Default: 65000
 Valid values: ``1`` to ``2,147,483,647``
- `bgp_asn_extended` (Number) For customer gateway devices that support BGP, specify the device's ASN. You must specify either ``BgpAsn`` or ``BgpAsnExtended`` when creating the customer gateway. If the ASN is larger than ``2,147,483,647``, you must use ``BgpAsnExtended``.
 Valid values: ``2,147,483,648`` to ``4,294,967,295``
- `certificate_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the customer gateway certificate.
- `customer_gateway_id` (String)
- `device_name` (String) The name of customer gateway device.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address for the customer gateway device's outside interface. The address must be static. If ``OutsideIpAddressType`` in your VPN connection options is set to ``PrivateIpv4``, you can use an RFC6598 or RFC1918 private IPv4 address. If ``OutsideIpAddressType`` is set to ``Ipv6``, you can use an IPv6 address.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags for the customer gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of VPN connection that this customer gateway supports (``ipsec.1``).

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.
