---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_vpn_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VPNConnection
---

# awscc_ec2_vpn_connection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EC2::VPNConnection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `customer_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the customer gateway at your end of the VPN connection.
- `enable_acceleration` (Boolean) Indicate whether to enable acceleration for the VPN connection.
 Default: ``false``
- `local_ipv_4_network_cidr` (String) The IPv4 CIDR on the customer gateway (on-premises) side of the VPN connection.
 Default: ``0.0.0.0/0``
- `local_ipv_6_network_cidr` (String) The IPv6 CIDR on the customer gateway (on-premises) side of the VPN connection.
 Default: ``::/0``
- `outside_ip_address_type` (String) The type of IPv4 address assigned to the outside interface of the customer gateway device.
 Valid values: ``PrivateIpv4`` | ``PublicIpv4``
 Default: ``PublicIpv4``
- `remote_ipv_4_network_cidr` (String) The IPv4 CIDR on the AWS side of the VPN connection.
 Default: ``0.0.0.0/0``
- `remote_ipv_6_network_cidr` (String) The IPv6 CIDR on the AWS side of the VPN connection.
 Default: ``::/0``
- `static_routes_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether the VPN connection uses static routes only. Static routes must be used for devices that don't support BGP.
 If you are creating a VPN connection for a device that does not support Border Gateway Protocol (BGP), you must specify ``true``.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the VPN connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway associated with the VPN connection.
 You must specify either ``TransitGatewayId`` or ``VpnGatewayId``, but not both.
- `transport_transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The transit gateway attachment ID to use for the VPN tunnel.
 Required if ``OutsideIpAddressType`` is set to ``PrivateIpv4``.
- `tunnel_inside_ip_version` (String) Indicate whether the VPN tunnels process IPv4 or IPv6 traffic.
 Default: ``ipv4``
- `type` (String) The type of VPN connection.
- `vpn_connection_id` (String)
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the virtual private gateway at the AWS side of the VPN connection.
 You must specify either ``TransitGatewayId`` or ``VpnGatewayId``, but not both.
- `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications` (Attributes List) The tunnel options for the VPN connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications`

Read-Only:

- `dpd_timeout_action` (String) The action to take after DPD timeout occurs. Specify ``restart`` to restart the IKE initiation. Specify ``clear`` to end the IKE session.
 Valid Values: ``clear`` | ``none`` | ``restart``
 Default: ``clear``
- `dpd_timeout_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds after which a DPD timeout occurs.
 Constraints: A value greater than or equal to 30.
 Default: ``30``
- `enable_tunnel_lifecycle_control` (Boolean) Turn on or off tunnel endpoint lifecycle control feature.
- `ike_versions` (Attributes List) The IKE versions that are permitted for the VPN tunnel.
 Valid values: ``ikev1`` | ``ikev2`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--ike_versions))
- `log_options` (Attributes) Options for logging VPN tunnel activity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--log_options))
- `phase_1_dh_group_numbers` (Attributes List) One or more Diffie-Hellman group numbers that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 1 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``2`` | ``14`` | ``15`` | ``16`` | ``17`` | ``18`` | ``19`` | ``20`` | ``21`` | ``22`` | ``23`` | ``24`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_dh_group_numbers))
- `phase_1_encryption_algorithms` (Attributes List) One or more encryption algorithms that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 1 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``AES128`` | ``AES256`` | ``AES128-GCM-16`` | ``AES256-GCM-16`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_encryption_algorithms))
- `phase_1_integrity_algorithms` (Attributes List) One or more integrity algorithms that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 1 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``SHA1`` | ``SHA2-256`` | ``SHA2-384`` | ``SHA2-512`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_integrity_algorithms))
- `phase_1_lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime for phase 1 of the IKE negotiation, in seconds.
 Constraints: A value between 900 and 28,800.
 Default: ``28800``
- `phase_2_dh_group_numbers` (Attributes List) One or more Diffie-Hellman group numbers that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 2 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``2`` | ``5`` | ``14`` | ``15`` | ``16`` | ``17`` | ``18`` | ``19`` | ``20`` | ``21`` | ``22`` | ``23`` | ``24`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_dh_group_numbers))
- `phase_2_encryption_algorithms` (Attributes List) One or more encryption algorithms that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 2 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``AES128`` | ``AES256`` | ``AES128-GCM-16`` | ``AES256-GCM-16`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_encryption_algorithms))
- `phase_2_integrity_algorithms` (Attributes List) One or more integrity algorithms that are permitted for the VPN tunnel for phase 2 IKE negotiations.
 Valid values: ``SHA1`` | ``SHA2-256`` | ``SHA2-384`` | ``SHA2-512`` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_integrity_algorithms))
- `phase_2_lifetime_seconds` (Number) The lifetime for phase 2 of the IKE negotiation, in seconds.
 Constraints: A value between 900 and 3,600. The value must be less than the value for ``Phase1LifetimeSeconds``.
 Default: ``3600``
- `pre_shared_key` (String) The pre-shared key (PSK) to establish initial authentication between the virtual private gateway and customer gateway.
 Constraints: Allowed characters are alphanumeric characters, periods (.), and underscores (_). Must be between 8 and 64 characters in length and cannot start with zero (0).
- `rekey_fuzz_percentage` (Number) The percentage of the rekey window (determined by ``RekeyMarginTimeSeconds``) during which the rekey time is randomly selected.
 Constraints: A value between 0 and 100.
 Default: ``100``
- `rekey_margin_time_seconds` (Number) The margin time, in seconds, before the phase 2 lifetime expires, during which the AWS side of the VPN connection performs an IKE rekey. The exact time of the rekey is randomly selected based on the value for ``RekeyFuzzPercentage``.
 Constraints: A value between 60 and half of ``Phase2LifetimeSeconds``.
 Default: ``270``
- `replay_window_size` (Number) The number of packets in an IKE replay window.
 Constraints: A value between 64 and 2048.
 Default: ``1024``
- `startup_action` (String) The action to take when the establishing the tunnel for the VPN connection. By default, your customer gateway device must initiate the IKE negotiation and bring up the tunnel. Specify ``start`` for AWS to initiate the IKE negotiation.
 Valid Values: ``add`` | ``start``
 Default: ``add``
- `tunnel_inside_cidr` (String) The range of inside IP addresses for the tunnel. Any specified CIDR blocks must be unique across all VPN connections that use the same virtual private gateway. 
 Constraints: A size /30 CIDR block from the ``169.254.0.0/16`` range. The following CIDR blocks are reserved and cannot be used:
  +   ``169.254.0.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.1.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.2.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.3.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.4.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.5.0/30`` 
  +   ``169.254.169.252/30``
- `tunnel_inside_ipv_6_cidr` (String) The range of inside IPv6 addresses for the tunnel. Any specified CIDR blocks must be unique across all VPN connections that use the same transit gateway.
 Constraints: A size /126 CIDR block from the local ``fd00::/8`` range.

<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--ike_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.ike_versions`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The IKE version.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.log_options`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_log_options` (Attributes) Options for sending VPN tunnel logs to CloudWatch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--log_options--cloudwatch_log_options))

<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--log_options--cloudwatch_log_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.log_options.cloudwatch_log_options`

Read-Only:

- `log_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable VPN tunnel logging feature. Default value is ``False``.
 Valid values: ``True`` | ``False``
- `log_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CloudWatch log group to send logs to.
- `log_output_format` (String) Set log format. Default format is ``json``.
 Valid values: ``json`` | ``text``



<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_dh_group_numbers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_1_dh_group_numbers`

Read-Only:

- `value` (Number) The Diffie-Hellmann group number.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_encryption_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_1_encryption_algorithms`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The value for the encryption algorithm.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_1_integrity_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_1_integrity_algorithms`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The value for the integrity algorithm.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_dh_group_numbers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_2_dh_group_numbers`

Read-Only:

- `value` (Number) The Diffie-Hellmann group number.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_encryption_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_2_encryption_algorithms`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The encryption algorithm.


<a id="nestedatt--vpn_tunnel_options_specifications--phase_2_integrity_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpn_tunnel_options_specifications.phase_2_integrity_algorithms`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) The integrity algorithm.
