---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ecr_replication_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ECR::ReplicationConfiguration
---

# awscc_ecr_replication_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ECR::ReplicationConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `registry_id` (String)
- `replication_configuration` (Attributes) The replication configuration for a registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the replication destinations and repository filters for a replication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules`

Read-Only:

- `destinations` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the destination for a replication rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--destinations))
- `repository_filters` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the filters for a replication rule. Specifying a repository filter for a replication rule provides a method for controlling which repositories in a private registry are replicated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--repository_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules.destinations`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String) The Region to replicate to.
- `registry_id` (String) The AWS account ID of the Amazon ECR private registry to replicate to. When configuring cross-Region replication within your own registry, specify your own account ID.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--repository_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules.repository_filters`

Read-Only:

- `filter` (String) The repository filter details. When the ``PREFIX_MATCH`` filter type is specified, this value is required and should be the repository name prefix to configure replication for.
- `filter_type` (String) The repository filter type. The only supported value is ``PREFIX_MATCH``, which is a repository name prefix specified with the ``filter`` parameter.
