---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ecr_public_repository Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ECR::PublicRepository
---

# awscc_ecr_public_repository (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ECR::PublicRepository



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `repository_catalog_data` (Attributes) The details about the repository that are publicly visible in the Amazon ECR Public Gallery. For more information, see [Amazon ECR Public repository catalog data](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/public-repository-catalog-data.html) in the *Amazon ECR Public User Guide*. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--repository_catalog_data))
- `repository_name` (String) The name to use for the public repository. The repository name may be specified on its own (such as ``nginx-web-app``) or it can be prepended with a namespace to group the repository into a category (such as ``project-a/nginx-web-app``). If you don't specify a name, CFNlong generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the repository name. For more information, see [Name Type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-name.html).
  If you specify a name, you cannot perform updates that require replacement of this resource. You can perform updates that require no or some interruption. If you must replace the resource, specify a new name.
- `repository_policy_text` (String) The JSON repository policy text to apply to the public repository. For more information, see [Amazon ECR Public repository policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/public-repository-policies.html) in the *Amazon ECR Public User Guide*.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--repository_catalog_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repository_catalog_data`

Read-Only:

- `about_text` (String) Provide a detailed description of the repository. Identify what is included in the repository, any licensing details, or other relevant information.
- `architectures` (Set of String) Select the system architectures that the images in your repository are compatible with.
- `operating_systems` (Set of String) Select the operating systems that the images in your repository are compatible with.
- `repository_description` (String) The description of the public repository.
- `usage_text` (String) Provide detailed information about how to use the images in the repository. This provides context, support information, and additional usage details for users of the repository.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A ``key`` is a general label that acts like a category for more specific tag values.
- `value` (String) A ``value`` acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).
