---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_efs_access_point Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EFS::AccessPoint
---

# awscc_efs_access_point (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EFS::AccessPoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_point_id` (String)
- `access_point_tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource.
 For more information, see [Tag](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-resource-tags.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_point_tags))
- `arn` (String)
- `client_token` (String) The opaque string specified in the request to ensure idempotent creation.
- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the EFS file system that the access point applies to. Accepts only the ID format for input when specifying a file system, for example ``fs-0123456789abcedf2``.
- `posix_user` (Attributes) The full POSIX identity, including the user ID, group ID, and secondary group IDs on the access point that is used for all file operations by NFS clients using the access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--posix_user))
- `root_directory` (Attributes) The directory on the EFS file system that the access point exposes as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory))

<a id="nestedatt--access_point_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_point_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key (String). The key can't start with ``aws:``.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag key.


<a id="nestedatt--posix_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `posix_user`

Read-Only:

- `gid` (String) The POSIX group ID used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `secondary_gids` (List of String) Secondary POSIX group IDs used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `uid` (String) The POSIX user ID used for all file system operations using this access point.


<a id="nestedatt--root_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory`

Read-Only:

- `creation_info` (Attributes) (Optional) Specifies the POSIX IDs and permissions to apply to the access point's ``RootDirectory``. If the ``RootDirectory`` > ``Path`` specified does not exist, EFS creates the root directory using the ``CreationInfo`` settings when a client connects to an access point. When specifying the ``CreationInfo``, you must provide values for all properties. 
  If you do not provide ``CreationInfo`` and the specified ``RootDirectory`` > ``Path`` does not exist, attempts to mount the file system using the access point will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory--creation_info))
- `path` (String) Specifies the path on the EFS file system to expose as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point to access the EFS file system. A path can have up to four subdirectories. If the specified path does not exist, you are required to provide the ``CreationInfo``.

<a id="nestedatt--root_directory--creation_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory.creation_info`

Read-Only:

- `owner_gid` (String) Specifies the POSIX group ID to apply to the ``RootDirectory``. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `owner_uid` (String) Specifies the POSIX user ID to apply to the ``RootDirectory``. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `permissions` (String) Specifies the POSIX permissions to apply to the ``RootDirectory``, in the format of an octal number representing the file's mode bits.
