---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_eks_pod_identity_association Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EKS::PodIdentityAssociation
---

# awscc_eks_pod_identity_association (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EKS::PodIdentityAssociation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `association_arn` (String) The ARN of the pod identity association.
- `association_id` (String) The ID of the pod identity association.
- `cluster_name` (String) The cluster that the pod identity association is created for.
- `disable_session_tags` (Boolean) The Disable Session Tags of the pod identity association.
- `external_id` (String) The External Id of the pod identity association.
- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace that the pod identity association is created for.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role ARN that the pod identity association is created for.
- `service_account` (String) The Kubernetes service account that the pod identity association is created for.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_role_arn` (String) The Target Role Arn of the pod identity association.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
