---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_eks_access_entry Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EKS::AccessEntry
---

# awscc_eks_access_entry (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EKS::AccessEntry



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_entry_arn` (String) The ARN of the access entry.
- `access_policies` (Attributes Set) An array of access policies that are associated with the access entry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policies))
- `cluster_name` (String) The cluster that the access entry is created for.
- `kubernetes_groups` (Set of String) The Kubernetes groups that the access entry is associated with.
- `principal_arn` (String) The principal ARN that the access entry is created for.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The node type to associate with the access entry.
- `username` (String) The Kubernetes user that the access entry is associated with.

<a id="nestedatt--access_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policies`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope` (Attributes) The access scope of the access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policies--access_scope))
- `policy_arn` (String) The ARN of the access policy to add to the access entry.

<a id="nestedatt--access_policies--access_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policies.access_scope`

Read-Only:

- `namespaces` (Set of String) The namespaces to associate with the access scope. Only specify if Type is set to 'namespace'.
- `type` (String) The type of the access scope.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
