---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ElastiCache::GlobalReplicationGroup
---

# awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ElastiCache::GlobalReplicationGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `automatic_failover_enabled` (Boolean) AutomaticFailoverEnabled
- `cache_node_type` (String) The cache node type of the Global Datastore
- `cache_parameter_group_name` (String) Cache parameter group name to use for the new engine version. This parameter cannot be modified independently.
- `engine_version` (String) The engine version of the Global Datastore.
- `global_node_group_count` (Number) Indicates the number of node groups in the Global Datastore.
- `global_replication_group_description` (String) The optional description of the Global Datastore
- `global_replication_group_id` (String) The name of the Global Datastore, it is generated by ElastiCache adding a prefix to GlobalReplicationGroupIdSuffix.
- `global_replication_group_id_suffix` (String) The suffix name of a Global Datastore. Amazon ElastiCache automatically applies a prefix to the Global Datastore ID when it is created. Each AWS Region has its own prefix.
- `members` (Attributes List) The replication groups that comprise the Global Datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `regional_configurations` (Attributes List) Describes the replication group IDs, the AWS regions where they are stored and the shard configuration for each that comprise the Global Datastore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regional_configurations))
- `status` (String) The status of the Global Datastore

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `replication_group_id` (String) Regionally unique identifier for the member i.e. ReplicationGroupId.
- `replication_group_region` (String) The AWS region of the Global Datastore member.
- `role` (String) Indicates the role of the member, primary or secondary.


<a id="nestedatt--regional_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regional_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `replication_group_id` (String) The replication group id of the Global Datastore member.
- `replication_group_region` (String) The AWS region of the Global Datastore member.
- `resharding_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of PreferredAvailabilityZones objects that specifies the configuration of a node group in the resharded cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regional_configurations--resharding_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--regional_configurations--resharding_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regional_configurations.resharding_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `node_group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Node Group. This is either auto-generated by ElastiCache (4-digit id) or a user supplied id.
- `preferred_availability_zones` (List of String) A list of preferred availability zones for the nodes of new node groups.


