---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_emr_studio Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::EMR::Studio
---

# awscc_emr_studio (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::EMR::Studio



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String)
- **auth_mode** (String) Specifies whether the Studio authenticates users using single sign-on (SSO) or IAM. Amazon EMR Studio currently only supports SSO authentication.
- **default_s3_location** (String) The default Amazon S3 location to back up EMR Studio Workspaces and notebook files. A Studio user can select an alternative Amazon S3 location when creating a Workspace.
- **description** (String) A detailed description of the Studio.
- **engine_security_group_id** (String) The ID of the Amazon EMR Studio Engine security group. The Engine security group allows inbound network traffic from the Workspace security group, and it must be in the same VPC specified by VpcId.
- **name** (String) A descriptive name for the Amazon EMR Studio.
- **service_role** (String)
- **studio_id** (String) The ID of the EMR Studio.
- **subnet_ids** (List of String) A list of up to 5 subnet IDs to associate with the Studio. The subnets must belong to the VPC specified by VpcId. Studio users can create a Workspace in any of the specified subnets.
- **tags** (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- **url** (String) The unique Studio access URL.
- **user_role** (String)
- **vpc_id** (String) The ID of the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) to associate with the Studio.
- **workspace_security_group_id** (String) The ID of the Amazon EMR Studio Workspace security group. The Workspace security group allows outbound network traffic to resources in the Engine security group, and it must be in the same VPC specified by VpcId.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- **value** (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 255 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


