---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_events_event_bus Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Events::EventBus
---

# awscc_events_event_bus (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Events::EventBus



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the event bus.
- `dead_letter_config` (Attributes) Dead Letter Queue for the event bus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dead_letter_config))
- `description` (String) The description of the event bus.
- `event_source_name` (String) If you are creating a partner event bus, this specifies the partner event source that the new event bus will be matched with.
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) Kms Key Identifier used to encrypt events at rest in the event bus.
- `log_config` (Attributes) The logging configuration settings for vended logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_config))
- `name` (String) The name of the event bus.
- `policy` (String) A JSON string that describes the permission policy statement for the event bus.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the event bus. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--dead_letter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dead_letter_config`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--log_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_config`

Read-Only:

- `include_detail` (String) Configures whether or not to include event detail, input transformer details, target properties, and target input in the applicable log messages.
- `level` (String) Configures the log level of the EventBus and determines which log messages are sent to Ingestion Hub for delivery.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
