---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_fis_experiment_template Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::FIS::ExperimentTemplate
---

# awscc_fis_experiment_template (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::FIS::ExperimentTemplate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (Attributes Map) The actions for the experiment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `description` (String) A description for the experiment template.
- `log_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration))
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that grants the AWS FIS service permission to perform service actions on your behalf.
- `stop_conditions` (Attributes List) One or more stop conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stop_conditions))
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `targets` (Attributes Map) The targets for the experiment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `action_id` (String) The ID of the action.
- `description` (String) A description for the action.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the action, if applicable.
- `start_after` (List of String) The names of the actions that must be completed before the current action starts.
- `targets` (Map of String) One or more targets for the action.


<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_logs_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration--cloudwatch_logs_configuration))
- `log_schema_version` (Number)
- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration--cloudwatch_logs_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration.cloudwatch_logs_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `log_group_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String)
- `prefix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--stop_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stop_conditions`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `filters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--filters))
- `parameters` (Map of String)
- `resource_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the target resources.
- `resource_tags` (Map of String)
- `resource_type` (String) The AWS resource type. The resource type must be supported for the specified action.
- `selection_mode` (String) Scopes the identified resources to a specific number of the resources at random, or a percentage of the resources.

<a id="nestedatt--targets--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.filters`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The attribute path for the filter.
- `values` (List of String) The attribute values for the filter.


