---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_fsx_s3_access_point_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::FSx::S3AccessPointAttachment
---

# awscc_fsx_s3_access_point_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::FSx::S3AccessPointAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) The name of the S3 access point attachment; also used for the name of the S3 access point.
- `ontap_configuration` (Attributes) The OntapConfiguration of the S3 access point attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ontap_configuration))
- `open_zfs_configuration` (Attributes) The OpenZFSConfiguration of the S3 access point attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration))
- `s3_access_point` (Attributes) The S3 access point configuration of the S3 access point attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--s3_access_point))
- `type` (String) The type of Amazon FSx volume that the S3 access point is attached to.

<a id="nestedatt--ontap_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ontap_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `file_system_identity` (Attributes) The file system identity used to authorize file access requests made using the S3 access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity))
- `volume_id` (String) The ID of the FSx for ONTAP volume that the S3 access point is attached to.

<a id="nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ontap_configuration.file_system_identity`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Specifies the FSx for ONTAP user identity type, accepts either UNIX or WINDOWS.
- `unix_user` (Attributes) Specifies the properties of the file system UNIX user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity--unix_user))
- `windows_user` (Attributes) Specifies the properties of the file system Windows user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity--windows_user))

<a id="nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity--unix_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ontap_configuration.file_system_identity.unix_user`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the UNIX user.


<a id="nestedatt--ontap_configuration--file_system_identity--windows_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ontap_configuration.file_system_identity.windows_user`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the Windows user.




<a id="nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `open_zfs_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `file_system_identity` (Attributes) The file system identity used to authorize file access requests made using the S3 access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity))
- `volume_id` (String) The ID of the FSx for OpenZFS volume that the S3 access point is attached to.

<a id="nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `open_zfs_configuration.file_system_identity`

Read-Only:

- `posix_user` (Attributes) Specifies the UID and GIDs of the file system POSIX user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity--posix_user))
- `type` (String) Specifies the FSx for OpenZFS user identity type, accepts only POSIX.

<a id="nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity--posix_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `open_zfs_configuration.file_system_identity.posix_user`

Read-Only:

- `gid` (Number) The GID of the file system user.
- `secondary_gids` (Attributes List) The list of secondary GIDs for the file system user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity--posix_user--secondary_gids))
- `uid` (Number) The UID of the file system user.

<a id="nestedatt--open_zfs_configuration--file_system_identity--posix_user--secondary_gids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `open_zfs_configuration.file_system_identity.posix_user.secondary_gids`

Read-Only:

- `gid` (Number) The GID of the file system user.





<a id="nestedatt--s3_access_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `s3_access_point`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The S3 access point's alias.
- `policy` (String) The S3 access point's policy.
- `resource_arn` (String) The S3 access point's ARN.
- `vpc_configuration` (Attributes) The S3 access point's virtual private cloud (VPC) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--s3_access_point--vpc_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--s3_access_point--vpc_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `s3_access_point.vpc_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `vpc_id` (String) Specifies the virtual private cloud (VPC) for the S3 access point VPC configuration, if one exists.
