---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_gamelift_alias Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::GameLift::Alias
---

# awscc_gamelift_alias (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::GameLift::Alias



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `alias_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is assigned to a Amazon GameLift Alias resource and uniquely identifies it. ARNs are unique across all Regions. In a GameLift Alias ARN, the resource ID matches the AliasId value.
- `alias_id` (String) Unique alias ID
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the alias.
- `name` (String) A descriptive label that is associated with an alias. Alias names do not need to be unique.
- `routing_strategy` (Attributes) A routing configuration that specifies where traffic is directed for this alias, such as to a fleet or to a message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_strategy))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--routing_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_strategy`

Read-Only:

- `fleet_id` (String) A unique identifier for a fleet that the alias points to. If you specify SIMPLE for the Type property, you must specify this property.
- `message` (String) The message text to be used with a terminal routing strategy. If you specify TERMINAL for the Type property, you must specify this property.
- `type` (String) Simple routing strategy. The alias resolves to one specific fleet. Use this type when routing to active fleets.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length.
