---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_gamelift_game_server_group Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::GameLift::GameServerGroup
---

# awscc_gamelift_game_server_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::GameLift::GameServerGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `auto_scaling_group_arn` (String) A generated unique ID for the EC2 Auto Scaling group that is associated with this game server group.
- `auto_scaling_policy` (Attributes) Configuration settings to define a scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group that is optimized for game hosting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scaling_policy))
- `balancing_strategy` (String) The fallback balancing method to use for the game server group when Spot Instances in a Region become unavailable or are not viable for game hosting.
- `delete_option` (String) The type of delete to perform.
- `game_server_group_arn` (String) A generated unique ID for the game server group.
- `game_server_group_name` (String) An identifier for the new game server group.
- `game_server_protection_policy` (String) A flag that indicates whether instances in the game server group are protected from early termination.
- `instance_definitions` (Attributes List) A set of EC2 instance types to use when creating instances in the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_definitions))
- `launch_template` (Attributes) The EC2 launch template that contains configuration settings and game server code to be deployed to all instances in the game server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--launch_template))
- `max_size` (Number) The maximum number of instances allowed in the EC2 Auto Scaling group.
- `min_size` (Number) The minimum number of instances allowed in the EC2 Auto Scaling group.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an IAM role that allows Amazon GameLift to access your EC2 Auto Scaling groups.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of labels to assign to the new game server group resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_subnets` (List of String) A list of virtual private cloud (VPC) subnets to use with instances in the game server group.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_scaling_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scaling_policy`

Read-Only:

- `estimated_instance_warmup` (Number) Length of time, in seconds, it takes for a new instance to start new game server processes and register with GameLift FleetIQ.
- `target_tracking_configuration` (Attributes) Settings for a target-based scaling policy applied to Auto Scaling group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scaling_policy--target_tracking_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_scaling_policy--target_tracking_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scaling_policy.target_tracking_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `target_value` (Number) Desired value to use with a game server group target-based scaling policy.



<a id="nestedatt--instance_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_definitions`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) An EC2 instance type designation.
- `weighted_capacity` (String) Instance weighting that indicates how much this instance type contributes to the total capacity of a game server group.


<a id="nestedatt--launch_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `launch_template`

Read-Only:

- `launch_template_id` (String) A unique identifier for an existing EC2 launch template.
- `launch_template_name` (String) A readable identifier for an existing EC2 launch template.
- `version` (String) The version of the EC2 launch template to use.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for a developer-defined key:value pair for tagging an AWS resource.
- `value` (String) The value for a developer-defined key:value pair for tagging an AWS resource.


