---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_schema Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::Schema
---

# awscc_glue_schema (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::Schema



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) Amazon Resource Name for the Schema.
- **checkpoint_version** (Attributes) Specify checkpoint version for update. This is only required to update the Compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checkpoint_version))
- **compatibility** (String) Compatibility setting for the schema.
- **data_format** (String) Data format name to use for the schema. Accepted values: 'AVRO', 'JSON', 'PROTOBUF'
- **description** (String) A description of the schema. If description is not provided, there will not be any default value for this.
- **initial_schema_version_id** (String) Represents the version ID associated with the initial schema version.
- **name** (String) Name of the schema.
- **registry** (Attributes) Identifier for the registry which the schema is part of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--registry))
- **schema_definition** (String) Definition for the initial schema version in plain-text.
- **tags** (Attributes List) List of tags to tag the schema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--checkpoint_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checkpoint_version`

Read-Only:

- **is_latest** (Boolean) Indicates if the latest version needs to be updated.
- **version_number** (Number) Indicates the version number in the schema to update.


<a id="nestedatt--registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `registry`

Read-Only:

- **arn** (String) Amazon Resource Name for the Registry.
- **name** (String) Name of the registry in which the schema will be created.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String) A key to identify the tag.
- **value** (String) Corresponding tag value for the key.


