---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_integration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::Integration
---

# awscc_glue_integration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::Integration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `additional_encryption_context` (Map of String) An optional set of non-secret key value pairs that contains additional contextual information about the data.
- `create_time` (String) The time (UTC) when the integration was created.
- `data_filter` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `integration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the integration.
- `integration_config` (Attributes) The configuration settings for the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration_config))
- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `kms_key_id` (String) An KMS key identifier for the key to use to encrypt the integration. If you don't specify an encryption key, the default AWS owned KMS key is used.
- `source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database to use as the source for replication
- `status` (String) The status of the integration.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Glue data warehouse to use as the target for replication

<a id="nestedatt--integration_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration_config`

Read-Only:

- `continuous_sync` (Boolean) Enables continuous synchronization for on-demand data extractions.
- `refresh_interval` (String) Specifies the frequency at which CDC (Change Data Capture) pulls or incremental loads should occur.
- `source_properties` (Map of String) A collection of key-value pairs that specify additional properties for the integration source.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
