---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_integration_resource_property Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::IntegrationResourceProperty
---

# awscc_glue_integration_resource_property (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::IntegrationResourceProperty



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `resource_arn` (String) The connection ARN of the source, or the database ARN of the target.
- `resource_property_arn` (String) The integration resource property ARN.
- `source_processing_properties` (Attributes) The resource properties associated with the integration source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_processing_properties))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_processing_properties` (Attributes) The resource properties associated with the integration target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_processing_properties))

<a id="nestedatt--source_processing_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_processing_properties`

Read-Only:

- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role to access the Glue connection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--target_processing_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_processing_properties`

Read-Only:

- `connection_name` (String) The Glue network connection to configure the Glue job running in the customer VPC.
- `event_bus_arn` (String) The ARN of an Eventbridge event bus to receive the integration status notification.
- `kms_arn` (String) The ARN of the KMS key used for encryption.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role to access the Glue database.
