---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::DataCatalogEncryptionSettings
---

# awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Glue::DataCatalogEncryptionSettings



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the Data Catalog in which the settings are created.
- `data_catalog_encryption_settings` (Attributes) Contains configuration information for maintaining Data Catalog security. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings`

Read-Only:

- `connection_password_encryption` (Attributes) When connection password protection is enabled, the Data Catalog uses a customer-provided key to encrypt the password as part of CreateConnection or UpdateConnection and store it in the ENCRYPTED_PASSWORD field in the connection properties. You can enable catalog encryption or only password encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--connection_password_encryption))
- `encryption_at_rest` (Attributes) Specifies the encryption-at-rest configuration for the Data Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--encryption_at_rest))

<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--connection_password_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings.connection_password_encryption`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_id` (String) An AWS KMS key that is used to encrypt the connection password.
- `return_connection_password_encrypted` (Boolean) When the ReturnConnectionPasswordEncrypted flag is set to 'true', passwords remain encrypted in the responses of GetConnection and GetConnections. This encryption takes effect independently from catalog encryption.


<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--encryption_at_rest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings.encryption_at_rest`

Read-Only:

- `catalog_encryption_mode` (String) The encryption-at-rest mode for encrypting Data Catalog data.
- `catalog_encryption_service_role` (String) The role that AWS Glue assumes to encrypt and decrypt the Data Catalog objects on the caller's behalf.
- `sse_aws_kms_key_id` (String) The ID of the AWS KMS key to use for encryption at rest.
