---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_grafana_workspace Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Grafana::Workspace
---

# awscc_grafana_workspace (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Grafana::Workspace



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_access_type` (String) These enums represent valid account access types. Specifically these enums determine whether the workspace can access AWS resources in the AWS account only, or whether it can also access resources in other accounts in the same organization. If the value CURRENT_ACCOUNT is used, a workspace role ARN must be provided. If the value is ORGANIZATION, a list of organizational units must be provided.
- `authentication_providers` (Set of String) List of authentication providers to enable.
- `client_token` (String) A unique, case-sensitive, user-provided identifier to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `creation_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the workspace was created.
- `data_sources` (List of String) List of data sources on the service managed IAM role.
- `description` (String) Description of a workspace.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint for the Grafana workspace.
- `grafana_version` (String) Version of Grafana the workspace is currently using.
- `modification_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the workspace was last modified
- `name` (String) The user friendly name of a workspace.
- `notification_destinations` (List of String) List of notification destinations on the customers service managed IAM role that the Grafana workspace can query.
- `organization_role_name` (String) The name of an IAM role that already exists to use with AWS Organizations to access AWS data sources and notification channels in other accounts in an organization.
- `organizational_units` (List of String) List of Organizational Units containing AWS accounts the Grafana workspace can pull data from.
- `permission_type` (String) These enums represent valid permission types to use when creating or configuring a Grafana workspace. The SERVICE_MANAGED permission type means the Managed Grafana service will create a workspace IAM role on your behalf. The CUSTOMER_MANAGED permission type means that the customer is expected to provide an IAM role that the Grafana workspace can use to query data sources.
- `role_arn` (String) IAM Role that will be used to grant the Grafana workspace access to a customers AWS resources.
- `saml_configuration` (Attributes) SAML configuration data associated with an AMG workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration))
- `saml_configuration_status` (String) Valid SAML configuration statuses.
- `sso_client_id` (String) The client ID of the AWS SSO Managed Application.
- `stack_set_name` (String) The name of the AWS CloudFormation stack set to use to generate IAM roles to be used for this workspace.
- `status` (String) These enums represent the status of a workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_organizations` (List of String) List of SAML organizations allowed to access Grafana.
- `assertion_attributes` (Attributes) Maps Grafana friendly names to the IdPs SAML attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--assertion_attributes))
- `idp_metadata` (Attributes) IdP Metadata used to configure SAML authentication in Grafana. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--idp_metadata))
- `login_validity_duration` (Number) The maximum lifetime an authenticated user can be logged in (in minutes) before being required to re-authenticate.
- `role_values` (Attributes) Maps SAML roles to the Grafana Editor and Admin roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--role_values))

<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--assertion_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.assertion_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users email in Grafana.
- `groups` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users groups in Grafana.
- `login` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users login handle in Grafana.
- `name` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users name in Grafana.
- `org` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users organizations in Grafana.
- `role` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users roles in Grafana.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--idp_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.idp_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) URL that vends the IdPs metadata.
- `xml` (String) XML blob of the IdPs metadata.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--role_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.role_values`

Read-Only:

- `admin` (List of String) List of SAML roles which will be mapped into the Grafana Admin role.
- `editor` (List of String) List of SAML roles which will be mapped into the Grafana Editor role.


