---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_component Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::Component
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_component (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::Component



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the component.
- `change_description` (String) The change description of the component.
- `data` (String) The data of the component.
- `description` (String) The description of the component.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) The encryption status of the component.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key identifier used to encrypt the component.
- `latest_version` (Attributes) The latest version references of the component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_version))
- `name` (String) The name of the component.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the component.
- `supported_os_versions` (List of String) The operating system (OS) version supported by the component.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags associated with the component.
- `type` (String) The type of the component denotes whether the component is used to build the image or only to test it.
- `uri` (String) The uri of the component.
- `version` (String) The version of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--latest_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The latest version ARN of the created component.
- `major` (String) The latest version ARN of the created component, with the same major version.
- `minor` (String) The latest version ARN of the created component, with the same minor version.
- `patch` (String) The latest version ARN of the created component, with the same patch version.
