---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ImagePipeline
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ImagePipeline



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image pipeline.
- `container_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe that defines how images are configured and tested.
- `description` (String) The description of the image pipeline.
- `distribution_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration associated with this image pipeline.
- `enhanced_image_metadata_enabled` (Boolean) Collects additional information about the image being created, including the operating system (OS) version and package list.
- `image_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image recipe that defines how images are configured, tested, and assessed.
- `image_tests_configuration` (Attributes) The image tests configuration of the image pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_tests_configuration))
- `infrastructure_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration associated with this image pipeline.
- `name` (String) The name of the image pipeline.
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule of the image pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `status` (String) The status of the image pipeline.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags of this image pipeline.

<a id="nestedatt--image_tests_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_tests_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `image_tests_enabled` (Boolean) Defines if tests should be executed when building this image.
- `timeout_minutes` (Number) The maximum time in minutes that tests are permitted to run.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `pipeline_execution_start_condition` (String) The condition configures when the pipeline should trigger a new image build.
- `schedule_expression` (String) The expression determines how often EC2 Image Builder evaluates your pipelineExecutionStartCondition.


