---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_interconnect_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Interconnect::Connection
---

# awscc_interconnect_connection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Interconnect::Connection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `activation_key` (String) The activation key for accepting a connection proposal from a partner CSP. Mutually exclusive with EnvironmentId.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connection.
- `attach_point` (Attributes) The logical attachment point in your AWS network where the managed connection will be connected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attach_point))
- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the connection (e.g., 50Mbps, 1Gbps). Required when creating a connection through AWS.
- `billing_tier` (Number) The billing tier for the connection.
- `connection_id` (String) The unique identifier for the connection.
- `description` (String) A description of the connection.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment for the connection. Required when creating a connection through AWS. Mutually exclusive with ActivationKey.
- `owner_account` (String) The AWS account ID of the connection owner.
- `provider_name` (Attributes) The partner cloud service provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_name))
- `remote_owner_account` (String) The account ID of the remote owner. Required when creating a connection through AWS.
- `shared_id` (String) The shared identifier for the connection pairing.
- `state` (String) The current state of the connection.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of managed connection.

<a id="nestedatt--attach_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attach_point`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the resource to attach to.
- `direct_connect_gateway` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect Gateway to attach to.


<a id="nestedatt--provider_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_name`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_service_provider` (String) The name of the cloud service provider.
- `last_mile_provider` (String) The name of the last mile provider.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
