---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iot_command Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IoT::Command
---

# awscc_iot_command (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IoT::Command



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `command_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the command.
- `command_id` (String) The unique identifier for the command.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the command was created.
- `deprecated` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the command is deprecated.
- `description` (String) The description of the command.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the command.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The date and time when the command was last updated.
- `mandatory_parameters` (Attributes List) The list of mandatory parameters for the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters))
- `namespace` (String) The namespace to which the command belongs.
- `payload` (Attributes) The payload associated with the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload))
- `payload_template` (String) The payload template associated with the command.
- `pending_deletion` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the command is pending deletion.
- `preprocessor` (Attributes) The command preprocessor configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preprocessor))
- `role_arn` (String) The customer role associated with the command.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags to be associated with the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--default_value))
- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value))
- `value_conditions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--default_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.default_value`

Read-Only:

- `b` (Boolean)
- `bin` (String)
- `d` (Number)
- `i` (Number)
- `l` (String)
- `s` (String)
- `ul` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value`

Read-Only:

- `b` (Boolean)
- `bin` (String)
- `d` (Number)
- `i` (Number)
- `l` (String)
- `s` (String)
- `ul` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions`

Read-Only:

- `comparison_operator` (String)
- `operand` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions.operand`

Read-Only:

- `number` (String)
- `number_range` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand--number_range))
- `numbers` (List of String)
- `string` (String)
- `strings` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand--number_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions.operand.number_range`

Read-Only:

- `max` (String)
- `min` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)
- `content_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--preprocessor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preprocessor`

Read-Only:

- `aws_json_substitution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preprocessor--aws_json_substitution))

<a id="nestedatt--preprocessor--aws_json_substitution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preprocessor.aws_json_substitution`

Read-Only:

- `output_format` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag's key.
- `value` (String) The tag's value.
