---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iot_job_template Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IoT::JobTemplate
---

# awscc_iot_job_template (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IoT::JobTemplate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `abort_config` (Attributes) The criteria that determine when and how a job abort takes place. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--abort_config))
- `arn` (String)
- `description` (String) A description of the Job Template.
- `document` (String) The job document. Required if you don't specify a value for documentSource.
- `document_source` (String) An S3 link to the job document to use in the template. Required if you don't specify a value for document.
- `job_arn` (String) Optional for copying a JobTemplate from a pre-existing Job configuration.
- `job_executions_retry_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_executions_retry_config))
- `job_executions_rollout_config` (Attributes) Allows you to create a staged rollout of a job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config))
- `job_template_id` (String)
- `presigned_url_config` (Attributes) Configuration for pre-signed S3 URLs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--presigned_url_config))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Metadata that can be used to manage the JobTemplate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timeout_config` (Attributes) Specifies the amount of time each device has to finish its execution of the job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeout_config))

<a id="nestedatt--abort_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `abort_config`

Read-Only:

- `criteria_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--abort_config--criteria_list))

<a id="nestedatt--abort_config--criteria_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `abort_config.criteria_list`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The type of job action to take to initiate the job abort.
- `failure_type` (String) The type of job execution failures that can initiate a job abort.
- `min_number_of_executed_things` (Number) The minimum number of things which must receive job execution notifications before the job can be aborted.
- `threshold_percentage` (Number) The minimum percentage of job execution failures that must occur to initiate the job abort.



<a id="nestedatt--job_executions_retry_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_executions_retry_config`

Read-Only:

- `retry_criteria_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_executions_retry_config--retry_criteria_list))

<a id="nestedatt--job_executions_retry_config--retry_criteria_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_executions_retry_config.retry_criteria_list`

Read-Only:

- `failure_type` (String)
- `number_of_retries` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_executions_rollout_config`

Read-Only:

- `exponential_rollout_rate` (Attributes) The rate of increase for a job rollout. This parameter allows you to define an exponential rate for a job rollout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config--exponential_rollout_rate))
- `maximum_per_minute` (Number) The maximum number of things that will be notified of a pending job, per minute. This parameter allows you to create a staged rollout.

<a id="nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config--exponential_rollout_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_executions_rollout_config.exponential_rollout_rate`

Read-Only:

- `base_rate_per_minute` (Number) The minimum number of things that will be notified of a pending job, per minute at the start of job rollout. This parameter allows you to define the initial rate of rollout.
- `increment_factor` (Number) The exponential factor to increase the rate of rollout for a job.
- `rate_increase_criteria` (Attributes) The criteria to initiate the increase in rate of rollout for a job. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config--exponential_rollout_rate--rate_increase_criteria))

<a id="nestedatt--job_executions_rollout_config--exponential_rollout_rate--rate_increase_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `job_executions_rollout_config.exponential_rollout_rate.rate_increase_criteria`

Read-Only:

- `number_of_notified_things` (Number)
- `number_of_succeeded_things` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--presigned_url_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `presigned_url_config`

Read-Only:

- `expires_in_sec` (Number) How number (in seconds) pre-signed URLs are valid.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of an IAM role that grants grants permission to download files from the S3 bucket where the job data/updates are stored. The role must also grant permission for IoT to download the files.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag's key.
- `value` (String) The tag's value.


<a id="nestedatt--timeout_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeout_config`

Read-Only:

- `in_progress_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) Specifies the amount of time, in minutes, this device has to finish execution of this job.


