---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_asset Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Asset
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_asset (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Asset



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `asset_arn` (String) The ARN of the asset
- `asset_description` (String) A description for the asset
- `asset_external_id` (String) The External ID of the asset
- `asset_hierarchies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--asset_hierarchies))
- `asset_id` (String) The ID of the asset
- `asset_model_id` (String) The ID of the asset model from which to create the asset.
- `asset_name` (String) A unique, friendly name for the asset.
- `asset_properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--asset_properties))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the asset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--asset_hierarchies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asset_hierarchies`

Read-Only:

- `child_asset_id` (String) The ID of the child asset to be associated.
- `external_id` (String) String-friendly customer provided external ID
- `id` (String) Customer provided actual UUID for property
- `logical_id` (String) The LogicalID of a hierarchy in the parent asset's model.


<a id="nestedatt--asset_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asset_properties`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The property alias that identifies the property.
- `external_id` (String) String-friendly customer provided external ID
- `id` (String) Customer provided actual UUID for property
- `logical_id` (String) Customer provided ID for property.
- `notification_state` (String) The MQTT notification state (ENABLED or DISABLED) for this asset property.
- `unit` (String) The unit of measure (such as Newtons or RPM) of the asset property. If you don't specify a value for this parameter, the service uses the value of the assetModelProperty in the asset model.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
