---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_gateway Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Gateway
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_gateway (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Gateway



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `gateway_capability_summaries` (Attributes List) A list of gateway capability summaries that each contain a namespace and status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_capability_summaries))
- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of the gateway device.
- `gateway_name` (String) A unique, friendly name for the gateway.
- `gateway_platform` (Attributes) The gateway's platform. You can only specify one platform in a gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform))
- `gateway_version` (String) The version of the gateway you want to create.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--gateway_capability_summaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_capability_summaries`

Read-Only:

- `capability_configuration` (String) The JSON document that defines the gateway capability's configuration.
- `capability_namespace` (String) The namespace of the capability configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform`

Read-Only:

- `greengrass_v2` (Attributes) A gateway that runs on AWS IoT Greengrass V2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform--greengrass_v2))
- `siemens_ie` (Attributes) A gateway that runs on Siemens Industrial Edge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform--siemens_ie))

<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform--greengrass_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform.greengrass_v2`

Read-Only:

- `core_device_operating_system` (String) The operating system of the core device in AWS IoT Greengrass V2.
- `core_device_thing_name` (String) The name of the CoreDevice in GreenGrass V2.


<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform--siemens_ie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform.siemens_ie`

Read-Only:

- `iot_core_thing_name` (String) The name of the IoT Core Thing.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
