---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotwireless_partner_account Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IoTWireless::PartnerAccount
---

# awscc_iotwireless_partner_account (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IoTWireless::PartnerAccount



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_linked` (Boolean) Whether the partner account is linked to the AWS account.
- `arn` (String) PartnerAccount arn. Returned after successful create.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the Sidewalk application server private key.
- `partner_account_id` (String) The partner account ID to disassociate from the AWS account
- `partner_type` (String) The partner type
- `sidewalk` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk))
- `sidewalk_response` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk_response))
- `sidewalk_update` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk_update))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk`

Read-Only:

- `app_server_private_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk_response`

Read-Only:

- `amazon_id` (String)
- `arn` (String)
- `fingerprint` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk_update`

Read-Only:

- `app_server_private_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


