---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_storage_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::StorageConfiguration
---

# awscc_ivs_storage_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::StorageConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Storage Configuration ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `name` (String) Storage Configuration Name.
- `s3` (Attributes) A complex type that describes an S3 location where recorded videos will be stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--s3))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the asset model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `s3`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Location (S3 bucket name) where recorded videos will be stored. Note that the StorageConfiguration and S3 bucket must be in the same region as the Composition.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
