---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_playback_restriction_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::PlaybackRestrictionPolicy
---

# awscc_ivs_playback_restriction_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::PlaybackRestrictionPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_countries` (Set of String) A list of country codes that control geoblocking restriction. Allowed values are the officially assigned ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes. Default: All countries (an empty array).
- `allowed_origins` (List of String) A list of origin sites that control CORS restriction. Allowed values are the same as valid values of the Origin header defined at https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Origin
- `arn` (String) Playback-restriction-policy identifier.
- `enable_strict_origin_enforcement` (Boolean) Whether channel playback is constrained by origin site.
- `name` (String) Playback-restriction-policy name.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
