---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::EncoderConfiguration
---

# awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::EncoderConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Encoder configuration identifier.
- `name` (String) Encoder configuration name.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `video` (Attributes) Video configuration. Default: video resolution 1280x720, bitrate 2500 kbps, 30 fps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--video))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--video"></a>
### Nested Schema for `video`

Read-Only:

- `bitrate` (Number) Bitrate for generated output, in bps. Default: 2500000.
- `framerate` (Number) Video frame rate, in fps. Default: 30.
- `height` (Number) Video-resolution height. Note that the maximum value is determined by width times height, such that the maximum total pixels is 2073600 (1920x1080 or 1080x1920). Default: 720.
- `width` (Number) Video-resolution width. Note that the maximum value is determined by width times height, such that the maximum total pixels is 2073600 (1920x1080 or 1080x1920). Default: 1280.
