---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_recording_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::RecordingConfiguration
---

# awscc_ivs_recording_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::RecordingConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Recording Configuration ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `destination_configuration` (Attributes) Recording Destination Configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_configuration))
- `name` (String) Recording Configuration Name.
- `recording_reconnect_window_seconds` (Number) Recording Reconnect Window Seconds. (0 means disabled)
- `rendition_configuration` (Attributes) Rendition Configuration describes which renditions should be recorded for a stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rendition_configuration))
- `state` (String) Recording Configuration State.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the asset model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `thumbnail_configuration` (Attributes) Recording Thumbnail Configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--thumbnail_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `s3` (Attributes) Recording S3 Destination Configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_configuration--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_configuration--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_configuration.s3`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--rendition_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rendition_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `rendition_selection` (String) Resolution Selection indicates which set of renditions are recorded for a stream.
- `renditions` (Set of String) Renditions indicates which renditions are recorded for a stream.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--thumbnail_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thumbnail_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `recording_mode` (String) Thumbnail Recording Mode, which determines whether thumbnails are recorded at an interval or are disabled.
- `resolution` (String) Resolution indicates the desired resolution of recorded thumbnails.
- `storage` (Set of String) Storage indicates the format in which thumbnails are recorded.
- `target_interval_seconds` (Number) Target Interval Seconds defines the interval at which thumbnails are recorded. This field is required if RecordingMode is INTERVAL.
