---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_stage Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::Stage
---

# awscc_ivs_stage (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::IVS::Stage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `active_session_id` (String) ID of the active session within the stage.
- `arn` (String) Stage ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `auto_participant_recording_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration object for individual participant recording, to attach to the new stage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration))
- `name` (String) Stage name
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `media_types` (Set of String) Types of media to be recorded. Default: AUDIO_VIDEO.
- `storage_configuration_arn` (String) ARN of the StorageConfiguration resource to use for individual participant recording.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
