---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_kafkaconnect_custom_plugin Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::KafkaConnect::CustomPlugin
---

# awscc_kafkaconnect_custom_plugin (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::KafkaConnect::CustomPlugin



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `content_type` (String) The type of the plugin file.
- `custom_plugin_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom plugin to use.
- `description` (String) A summary description of the custom plugin.
- `file_description` (Attributes) Details about the custom plugin file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_description))
- `location` (Attributes) Information about the location of a custom plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String) The name of the custom plugin.
- `revision` (Number) The revision of the custom plugin.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--file_description"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_description`

Read-Only:

- `file_md_5` (String) The hex-encoded MD5 checksum of the custom plugin file. You can use it to validate the file.
- `file_size` (Number) The size in bytes of the custom plugin file. You can use it to validate the file.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_location` (Attributes) The S3 bucket Amazon Resource Name (ARN), file key, and object version of the plugin file stored in Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--s3_location))

<a id="nestedatt--location--s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.s3_location`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an S3 bucket.
- `file_key` (String) The file key for an object in an S3 bucket.
- `object_version` (String) The version of an object in an S3 bucket.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
