---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_kinesis_stream Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Kinesis::Stream
---

# awscc_kinesis_stream (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Kinesis::Stream



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the Kinesis stream
- `desired_shard_level_metrics` (Set of String) The final list of shard-level metrics
- `name` (String) The name of the Kinesis stream.
- `retention_period_hours` (Number) The number of hours for the data records that are stored in shards to remain accessible.
- `shard_count` (Number) The number of shards that the stream uses. Required when StreamMode = PROVISIONED is passed.
- `stream_encryption` (Attributes) When specified, enables or updates server-side encryption using an AWS KMS key for a specified stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_encryption))
- `stream_mode_details` (Attributes) The mode in which the stream is running. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_mode_details))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An arbitrary set of tags (key–value pairs) to associate with the Kinesis stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--stream_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_encryption`

Read-Only:

- `encryption_type` (String) The encryption type to use. The only valid value is KMS.
- `key_id` (String) The GUID for the customer-managed AWS KMS key to use for encryption. This value can be a globally unique identifier, a fully specified Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to either an alias or a key, or an alias name prefixed by "alias/".You can also use a master key owned by Kinesis Data Streams by specifying the alias aws/kinesis.


<a id="nestedatt--stream_mode_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_mode_details`

Read-Only:

- `stream_mode` (String) The mode of the stream


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
