---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_kinesisvideo_stream Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::KinesisVideo::Stream
---

# awscc_kinesisvideo_stream (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::KinesisVideo::Stream



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Kinesis Video stream.
- `data_retention_in_hours` (Number) The number of hours till which Kinesis Video will retain the data in the stream
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device that is writing to the stream.
- `kms_key_id` (String) AWS KMS key ID that Kinesis Video Streams uses to encrypt stream data.
- `media_type` (String) The media type of the stream. Consumers of the stream can use this information when processing the stream.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kinesis Video stream.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs associated with the Kinesis Video Stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. Specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. The following characters can be used: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. Specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. The following characters can be used: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


