---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_kms_key Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::KMS::Key
---

# awscc_kms_key (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::KMS::Key



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `description` (String) A description of the AWS KMS key. Use a description that helps you to distinguish this AWS KMS key from others in the account, such as its intended use.
- `enable_key_rotation` (Boolean) Enables automatic rotation of the key material for the specified AWS KMS key. By default, automation key rotation is not enabled.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the AWS KMS key is enabled. Disabled AWS KMS keys cannot be used in cryptographic operations.
- `key_id` (String)
- `key_policy` (String) The key policy that authorizes use of the AWS KMS key. The key policy must observe the following rules.
- `key_spec` (String) Specifies the type of AWS KMS key to create. The default value is SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT. This property is required only for asymmetric AWS KMS keys. You can't change the KeySpec value after the AWS KMS key is created.
- `key_usage` (String) Determines the cryptographic operations for which you can use the AWS KMS key. The default value is ENCRYPT_DECRYPT. This property is required only for asymmetric AWS KMS keys. You can't change the KeyUsage value after the AWS KMS key is created.
- `multi_region` (Boolean) Specifies whether the AWS KMS key should be Multi-Region. You can't change the MultiRegion value after the AWS KMS key is created.
- `pending_window_in_days` (Number) Specifies the number of days in the waiting period before AWS KMS deletes an AWS KMS key that has been removed from a CloudFormation stack. Enter a value between 7 and 30 days. The default value is 30 days.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


