---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_network_connector Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::NetworkConnector
---

# awscc_lambda_network_connector (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::NetworkConnector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network connector.
- `configuration` (Attributes) The network configuration for the connector. Specify a VpcEgressConfiguration to enable outbound traffic routing through your VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) A unique name for the network connector within your account and Region. Must be 1 to 64 alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or underscores.
- `operator_role` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that Lambda assumes to manage elastic network interfaces in your VPC. This role must have permissions for ec2:CreateNetworkInterface and related describe operations.
- `state` (String) The current state of the network connector.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to apply to the network connector. Use tags to categorize network connectors for cost allocation, access control, or operational management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `vpc_egress_configuration` (Attributes) The VPC egress configuration for the network connector. Specifies the subnets, security groups, and network protocol for routing outbound traffic through your VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--vpc_egress_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--vpc_egress_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.vpc_egress_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `associated_compute_resource_types` (List of String) The types of Lambda compute resources that can use this connector. Currently, only MicroVm is supported.
- `network_protocol` (String) The network protocol for the connector. Specify IPv4 for IPv4-only networking, or DualStack for both IPv4 and IPv6.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VPC security groups to attach to the ENIs. Specify 0 to 5 security groups. All security groups must be in the same VPC as the subnets.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VPC subnets where Lambda provisions elastic network interfaces (ENIs). Specify 1 to 16 subnets. All subnets must be in the same VPC.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
