---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_capacity_provider Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::CapacityProvider
---

# awscc_lambda_capacity_provider (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::CapacityProvider



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `capacity_provider_name` (String)
- `capacity_provider_scaling_config` (Attributes) The scaling configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config))
- `instance_requirements` (Attributes) The instance requirements for compute resources managed by the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_requirements))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt the capacity provider's resources.
- `permissions_config` (Attributes) The permissions configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions_config))
- `state` (String) The current state of the capacity provider. Indicates whether the provider is being created, is active and ready for use, has failed, or is being deleted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A key-value pair that provides metadata for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) The VPC configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_provider_scaling_config`

Read-Only:

- `max_v_cpu_count` (Number) The maximum number of vCPUs that the capacity provider can provision across all compute instances.
- `scaling_mode` (String) The scaling mode that determines how the capacity provider responds to changes in demand.
- `scaling_policies` (Attributes List) A list of target tracking scaling policies for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config--scaling_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config--scaling_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_provider_scaling_config.scaling_policies`

Read-Only:

- `predefined_metric_type` (String) The predefined metric type to track for scaling decisions.
- `target_value` (Number) The target value for the metric that the scaling policy attempts to maintain through scaling actions.



<a id="nestedatt--instance_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_instance_types` (List of String) A list of EC2 instance types that the capacity provider is allowed to use. If not specified, all compatible instance types are allowed.
- `architectures` (List of String) A list of supported CPU architectures for compute instances. Valid values include ``x86_64`` and ``arm64``.
- `excluded_instance_types` (List of String) A list of EC2 instance types that the capacity provider should not use, even if they meet other requirements.


<a id="nestedatt--permissions_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions_config`

Read-Only:

- `capacity_provider_operator_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that the capacity provider uses to manage compute instances and other AWS resources.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of security group IDs that control network access for compute instances managed by the capacity provider.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of subnet IDs where the capacity provider launches compute instances.
