---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_event_source_mapping Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::EventSourceMapping
---

# awscc_lambda_event_source_mapping (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lambda::EventSourceMapping



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config` (Attributes) Specific configuration settings for an MSK event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config))
- `batch_size` (Number) The maximum number of items to retrieve in a single batch.
- `bisect_batch_on_function_error` (Boolean) (Streams) If the function returns an error, split the batch in two and retry.
- `destination_config` (Attributes) (Streams) An Amazon SQS queue or Amazon SNS topic destination for discarded records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config))
- `document_db_event_source_config` (Attributes) Document db event source config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--document_db_event_source_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Disables the event source mapping to pause polling and invocation.
- `event_source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the event source.
- `filter_criteria` (Attributes) The filter criteria to control event filtering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter_criteria))
- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.
- `function_response_types` (List of String) (Streams) A list of response types supported by the function.
- `maximum_batching_window_in_seconds` (Number) (Streams) The maximum amount of time to gather records before invoking the function, in seconds.
- `maximum_record_age_in_seconds` (Number) (Streams) The maximum age of a record that Lambda sends to a function for processing.
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number) (Streams) The maximum number of times to retry when the function returns an error.
- `parallelization_factor` (Number) (Streams) The number of batches to process from each shard concurrently.
- `queues` (List of String) (ActiveMQ) A list of ActiveMQ queues.
- `scaling_config` (Attributes) The scaling configuration for the event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scaling_config))
- `self_managed_event_source` (Attributes) Self-managed event source endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_managed_event_source))
- `self_managed_kafka_event_source_config` (Attributes) Specific configuration settings for a Self-Managed Apache Kafka event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_managed_kafka_event_source_config))
- `source_access_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of SourceAccessConfiguration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_access_configurations))
- `starting_position` (String) The position in a stream from which to start reading. Required for Amazon Kinesis and Amazon DynamoDB Streams sources.
- `starting_position_timestamp` (Number) With StartingPosition set to AT_TIMESTAMP, the time from which to start reading, in Unix time seconds.
- `topics` (List of String) (Kafka) A list of Kafka topics.
- `tumbling_window_in_seconds` (Number) (Streams) Tumbling window (non-overlapping time window) duration to perform aggregations.

<a id="nestedatt--amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amazon_managed_kafka_event_source_config`

Read-Only:

- `consumer_group_id` (String) The identifier for the Kafka Consumer Group to join.


<a id="nestedatt--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config`

Read-Only:

- `on_failure` (Attributes) The destination configuration for failed invocations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config--on_failure))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_config--on_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config.on_failure`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination resource.



<a id="nestedatt--document_db_event_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `document_db_event_source_config`

Read-Only:

- `collection_name` (String) The collection name to connect to.
- `database_name` (String) The database name to connect to.
- `full_document` (String) Include full document in change stream response. The default option will only send the changes made to documents to Lambda. If you want the complete document sent to Lambda, set this to UpdateLookup.


<a id="nestedatt--filter_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_criteria`

Read-Only:

- `filters` (Attributes List) List of filters of this FilterCriteria (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter_criteria--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--filter_criteria--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_criteria.filters`

Read-Only:

- `pattern` (String) The filter pattern that defines which events should be passed for invocations.



<a id="nestedatt--scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scaling_config`

Read-Only:

- `maximum_concurrency` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent functions that the event source can invoke.


<a id="nestedatt--self_managed_event_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_managed_event_source`

Read-Only:

- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints for a self-managed event source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_managed_event_source--endpoints))

<a id="nestedatt--self_managed_event_source--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_managed_event_source.endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `kafka_bootstrap_servers` (List of String) A list of Kafka server endpoints.



<a id="nestedatt--self_managed_kafka_event_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_managed_kafka_event_source_config`

Read-Only:

- `consumer_group_id` (String) The identifier for the Kafka Consumer Group to join.


<a id="nestedatt--source_access_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_access_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of source access configuration.
- `uri` (String) The URI for the source access configuration resource.
