---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lex_bot_alias Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lex::BotAlias
---

# awscc_lex_bot_alias (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lex::BotAlias



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `bot_alias_id` (String) Unique ID of resource
- `bot_alias_locale_settings` (Attributes Set) A list of bot alias locale settings to add to the bot alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings))
- `bot_alias_name` (String) A unique identifier for a resource.
- `bot_alias_status` (String)
- `bot_alias_tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to add to the bot alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_tags))
- `bot_id` (String) Unique ID of resource
- `bot_version` (String) The version of a bot.
- `conversation_log_settings` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings))
- `description` (String) A description of the bot alias. Use the description to help identify the bot alias in lists.
- `sentiment_analysis_settings` (Attributes) Determines whether Amazon Lex will use Amazon Comprehend to detect the sentiment of user utterances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sentiment_analysis_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings`

Read-Only:

- `bot_alias_locale_setting` (Attributes) You can use this parameter to specify a specific Lambda function to run different functions in different locales. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting))
- `locale_id` (String) A string used to identify the locale

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting`

Read-Only:

- `code_hook_specification` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Lambda code hook is enabled

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting.code_hook_specification`

Read-Only:

- `lambda_code_hook` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification--lambda_code_hook))

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification--lambda_code_hook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting.code_hook_specification.lambda_code_hook`

Read-Only:

- `code_hook_interface_version` (String) The version of the request-response that you want Amazon Lex to use to invoke your Lambda function.
- `lambda_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lambda function.





<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A string used to identify this tag
- `value` (String) A string containing the value for the tag


<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings`

Read-Only:

- `audio_log_settings` (Attributes Set) List of audio log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings))
- `text_log_settings` (Attributes Set) List of text log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes) The location of audio log files collected when conversation logging is enabled for a bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings.destination`

Read-Only:

- `s3_bucket` (Attributes) Specifies an Amazon S3 bucket for logging audio conversations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination--s3_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination--s3_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings.destination.s3_bucket`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key for encrypting audio log files stored in an S3 bucket.
- `log_prefix` (String) The Amazon S3 key of the deployment package.
- `s3_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Amazon S3 bucket where audio log files are stored.




<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (Attributes) Defines the Amazon CloudWatch Logs destination log group for conversation text logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings.destination`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination--cloudwatch))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination--cloudwatch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings.destination.cloudwatch`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_log_group_arn` (String) A string used to identify the groupArn for the Cloudwatch Log Group
- `log_prefix` (String) A string containing the value for the Log Prefix





<a id="nestedatt--sentiment_analysis_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sentiment_analysis_settings`

Read-Only:

- `detect_sentiment` (Boolean) Enable to call Amazon Comprehend for Sentiment natively within Lex


