---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Domain
---

# awscc_lightsail_domain (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Domain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain (read-only).
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the domain was created (read-only).
- `domain_entries` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs containing information about the domain entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_entries))
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain to manage in Lightsail.
- `location` (Attributes) The AWS Region and Availability Zone where the domain was created (read-only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `resource_type` (String) The Lightsail resource type (read-only).
- `support_code` (String) The support code. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions (read-only).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--domain_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_entries`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the domain recordset entry.
- `is_alias` (Boolean) When true, specifies whether the domain entry is an alias used by the Lightsail load balancer, Lightsail container service, Lightsail content delivery network (CDN) distribution, or another AWS resource. You can include an alias (A type) record in your request, which points to the DNS name of a load balancer, container service, CDN distribution, or other AWS resource and routes traffic to that resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the domain entry.
- `target` (String) The target AWS name server (e.g., ns-111.awsdns-11.com).
- `type` (String) The type of domain entry (e.g., A, CNAME, MX, NS, SOA, SRV, TXT).


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
