---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_bucket Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Bucket
---

# awscc_lightsail_bucket (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Bucket



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `able_to_update_bundle` (Boolean) Indicates whether the bundle that is currently applied to a bucket can be changed to another bundle. You can update a bucket's bundle only one time within a monthly AWS billing cycle.
- `access_rules` (Attributes) An object that sets the public accessibility of objects in the specified bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_rules))
- `bucket_arn` (String)
- `bucket_name` (String) The name for the bucket.
- `bundle_id` (String) The ID of the bundle to use for the bucket.
- `object_versioning` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable or disable versioning of objects in the bucket.
- `read_only_access_accounts` (Set of String) An array of strings to specify the AWS account IDs that can access the bucket.
- `resources_receiving_access` (Set of String) The names of the Lightsail resources for which to set bucket access.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `url` (String) The URL of the bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--access_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_rules`

Read-Only:

- `allow_public_overrides` (Boolean) A Boolean value that indicates whether the access control list (ACL) permissions that are applied to individual objects override the getObject option that is currently specified.
- `get_object` (String) Specifies the anonymous access to all objects in a bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


