---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_load_balancer Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::LoadBalancer
---

# awscc_lightsail_load_balancer (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::LoadBalancer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `attached_instances` (Set of String) The names of the instances attached to the load balancer.
- `health_check_path` (String) The path you provided to perform the load balancer health check. If you didn't specify a health check path, Lightsail uses the root path of your website (e.g., "/").
- `instance_port` (Number) The instance port where you're creating your load balancer.
- `ip_address_type` (String) The IP address type for the load balancer. The possible values are ipv4 for IPv4 only, and dualstack for IPv4 and IPv6. The default value is dualstack.
- `load_balancer_arn` (String)
- `load_balancer_name` (String) The name of your load balancer.
- `session_stickiness_enabled` (Boolean) Configuration option to enable session stickiness.
- `session_stickiness_lb_cookie_duration_seconds` (String) Configuration option to adjust session stickiness cookie duration parameter.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


