---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_disk Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Disk
---

# awscc_lightsail_disk (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::Disk



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `add_ons` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the add-ons to enable for the new instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons))
- `attached_to` (String) Name of the attached Lightsail Instance
- `attachment_state` (String) Attachment State of the Lightsail disk
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your instance. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `disk_arn` (String)
- `disk_name` (String) The names to use for your new Lightsail disk.
- `iops` (Number) Iops of the Lightsail disk
- `is_attached` (Boolean) Check is Disk is attached state
- `location` (Attributes) Location of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `path` (String) Path of the  attached Disk
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of Lightsail instance.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size of the Lightsail disk
- `state` (String) State of the Lightsail disk
- `support_code` (String) Support code to help identify any issues
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Read-Only:

- `add_on_type` (String) The add-on type
- `auto_snapshot_add_on_request` (Attributes) An object that represents additional parameters when enabling or modifying the automatic snapshot add-on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request))
- `status` (String) Status of the Addon

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons.auto_snapshot_add_on_request`

Read-Only:

- `snapshot_time_of_day` (String) The daily time when an automatic snapshot will be created.



<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your disk. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `region_name` (String) The Region Name in which to create your disk.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


