---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::DatabaseSnapshot
---

# awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Lightsail::DatabaseSnapshot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database snapshot.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the database snapshot was created.
- `engine` (String) The software of the database snapshot (for example, MySQL).
- `engine_version` (String) The database engine version for the database snapshot (for example, 5.7.23).
- `from_relational_database_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `from_relational_database_blueprint_id` (String) The blueprint ID of the database from which the database snapshot was created. A blueprint describes the major engine version of a database.
- `from_relational_database_bundle_id` (String) The bundle ID of the database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `from_relational_database_name` (String) The name of the source database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `location` (Attributes) The Region name and Availability Zone where the database snapshot is located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String) The name of the database snapshot.
- `relational_database_name` (String) The name of the database on which to base your new snapshot.
- `relational_database_snapshot_name` (String) The name for your new database snapshot.
- `resource_type` (String) The Lightsail resource type.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the disk in GB (for example, 32) for the database snapshot.
- `state` (String) The state of the database snapshot.
- `support_code` (String) The support code for the database snapshot. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about a database snapshot in Lightsail. This code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail information more easily.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone where the database snapshot was created.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region where the database snapshot was created.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
