---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lookoutequipment_inference_scheduler Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::LookoutEquipment::InferenceScheduler
---

# awscc_lookoutequipment_inference_scheduler (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::LookoutEquipment::InferenceScheduler



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `data_delay_offset_in_minutes` (Number) A period of time (in minutes) by which inference on the data is delayed after the data starts.
- `data_input_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for the input data for the inference scheduler, including delimiter, format, and dataset location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_input_configuration))
- `data_output_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for the output results for the inference scheduler, including the S3 location for the output. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_output_configuration))
- `data_upload_frequency` (String) How often data is uploaded to the source S3 bucket for the input data.
- `inference_scheduler_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the inference scheduler being created.
- `inference_scheduler_name` (String) The name of the inference scheduler being created.
- `model_name` (String) The name of the previously trained ML model being used to create the inference scheduler.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a role with permission to access the data source being used for the inference.
- `server_side_kms_key_id` (String) Provides the identifier of the AWS KMS customer master key (CMK) used to encrypt inference scheduler data by Amazon Lookout for Equipment.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Any tags associated with the inference scheduler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--data_input_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_input_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `inference_input_name_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for the input data for the inference, including timestamp format and delimiter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_input_configuration--inference_input_name_configuration))
- `input_time_zone_offset` (String) Indicates the difference between your time zone and Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
- `s3_input_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for the input data for the inference, including input data S3 location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_input_configuration--s3_input_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--data_input_configuration--inference_input_name_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_input_configuration.inference_input_name_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `component_timestamp_delimiter` (String) Indicates the delimiter character used between items in the data.
- `timestamp_format` (String) The format of the timestamp, whether Epoch time, or standard, with or without hyphens (-).


<a id="nestedatt--data_input_configuration--s3_input_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_input_configuration.s3_input_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String)
- `prefix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--data_output_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_output_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_id` (String) The ID number for the AWS KMS key used to encrypt the inference output.
- `s3_output_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for the output results from the inference, including output S3 location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_output_configuration--s3_output_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--data_output_configuration--s3_output_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_output_configuration.s3_output_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket` (String)
- `prefix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key for the specified tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the specified tag.


