---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediapackagev2_channel Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::MediaPackageV2::Channel
---

# awscc_mediapackagev2_channel (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::MediaPackageV2::Channel



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the resource.</p>
- `channel_group_name` (String)
- `channel_name` (String)
- `created_at` (String) <p>The date and time the channel was created.</p>
- `description` (String) <p>Enter any descriptive text that helps you to identify the channel.</p>
- `ingest_endpoint_urls` (List of String)
- `ingest_endpoints` (Attributes List) <p>The list of ingest endpoints.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingest_endpoints))
- `input_switch_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for input switching based on the media quality confidence score (MQCS) as provided from AWS Elemental MediaLive.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_switch_configuration))
- `input_type` (String)
- `modified_at` (String) <p>The date and time the channel was modified.</p>
- `output_header_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The settings for what common media server data (CMSD) headers AWS Elemental MediaPackage includes in responses to the CDN.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_header_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--ingest_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingest_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) <p>The system-generated unique identifier for the IngestEndpoint.</p>
- `url` (String) <p>The ingest domain URL where the source stream should be sent.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--input_switch_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_switch_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `mqcs_input_switching` (Boolean) <p>When true, AWS Elemental MediaPackage performs input switching based on the MQCS. Default is true. This setting is valid only when <code>InputType</code> is <code>CMAF</code>.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--output_header_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_header_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `publish_mqcs` (Boolean) <p>When true, AWS Elemental MediaPackage includes the MQCS in responses to the CDN. This setting is valid only when <code>InputType</code> is <code>CMAF</code>.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
