---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::MediaConnect::RouterNetworkInterface
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::MediaConnect::RouterNetworkInterface



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `associated_input_count` (Number) The number of router inputs associated with the network interface.
- `associated_output_count` (Number) The number of router outputs associated with the network interface.
- `configuration` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the router network interface was created.
- `name` (String) The name of the router network interface.
- `network_interface_type` (String)
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region for the router network interface. Defaults to the current region if not specified.
- `router_network_interface_id` (String) The unique identifier of the router network interface.
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs that can be used to tag and organize this router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the router network interface was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `public` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a public router network interface, including the list of allowed CIDR blocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--public))
- `vpc` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router network interface within a VPC, including the security group IDs and subnet ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.public`

Read-Only:

- `allow_rules` (Attributes List) The list of allowed CIDR blocks for the public router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--public--allow_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--public--allow_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.public.allow_rules`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block that is allowed to access the public router network interface.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.vpc`

Read-Only:

- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the security groups to associate with the router network interface within the VPC.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet within the VPC to associate the router network interface with.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
