---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::MediaConnect::BridgeSource
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::MediaConnect::BridgeSource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `bridge_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the bridge.
- `flow_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A flow source originates in MediaConnect as an existing cloud flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flow_source))
- `name` (String) The name of the source.
- `network_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A network source originates at your premises. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_source))

<a id="nestedatt--flow_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flow_source`

Read-Only:

- `flow_arn` (String) The ARN of the cloud flow used as a source of this bridge.
- `flow_vpc_interface_attachment` (Attributes) The name of the VPC interface attachment to use for this source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment))

<a id="nestedatt--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flow_source.flow_vpc_interface_attachment`

Read-Only:

- `vpc_interface_name` (String) The name of the VPC interface to use for this resource.



<a id="nestedatt--network_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_source`

Read-Only:

- `multicast_ip` (String) The network source multicast IP.
- `multicast_source_settings` (Attributes) The settings related to the multicast source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_source--multicast_source_settings))
- `network_name` (String) The network source's gateway network name.
- `port` (Number) The network source port.
- `protocol` (String) The network source protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--network_source--multicast_source_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_source.multicast_source_settings`

Read-Only:

- `multicast_source_ip` (String) The IP address of the source for source-specific multicast (SSM).
