---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_neptune_global_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Neptune::GlobalCluster
---

# awscc_neptune_global_cluster (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Neptune::GlobalCluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The name of the database engine.
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the database engine.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global database cluster.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an existing Neptune DB cluster to use as the primary cluster of the new global database.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Whether the global database cluster is storage encrypted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
