---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_core_network Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::CoreNetwork
---

# awscc_networkmanager_core_network (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::CoreNetwork



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `core_network_arn` (String) The ARN (Amazon resource name) of core network
- `core_network_id` (String) The Id of core network
- `created_at` (String) The creation time of core network
- `description` (String) The description of core network
- `edges` (Attributes List) The edges within a core network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edges))
- `global_network_id` (String) The ID of the global network that your core network is a part of.
- `network_function_groups` (Attributes List) The network function groups within a core network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_function_groups))
- `owner_account` (String) Owner of the core network
- `policy_document` (String) Live policy document for the core network, you must provide PolicyDocument in Json Format
- `segments` (Attributes List) The segments within a core network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--segments))
- `state` (String) The state of core network
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the global network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--edges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edges`

Read-Only:

- `asn` (Number) The ASN of a core network edge.
- `edge_location` (String) The Region where a core network edge is located.
- `inside_cidr_blocks` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--network_function_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_function_groups`

Read-Only:

- `edge_locations` (List of String)
- `name` (String) Name of network function group
- `segments` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_function_groups--segments))

<a id="nestedatt--network_function_groups--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_function_groups.segments`

Read-Only:

- `send_to` (List of String)
- `send_via` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segments`

Read-Only:

- `edge_locations` (List of String)
- `name` (String) Name of segment
- `shared_segments` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
