---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_connect_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::ConnectAttachment
---

# awscc_networkmanager_connect_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::ConnectAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `attachment_id` (String) The ID of the attachment.
- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The policy rule number associated with the attachment.
- `attachment_type` (String) The type of attachment.
- `core_network_arn` (String) The ARN of a core network for the VPC attachment.
- `core_network_id` (String) ID of the CoreNetwork that the attachment will be attached to.
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the attachment.
- `edge_location` (String) Edge location of the attachment.
- `options` (Attributes) Protocol options for connect attachment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `owner_account_id` (String) The ID of the attachment account owner.
- `proposed_segment_change` (Attributes) The attachment to move from one segment to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change))
- `resource_arn` (String) The attachment resource ARN.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment attachment.
- `state` (String) State of the attachment.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transport_attachment_id` (String) Id of transport attachment
- `updated_at` (String) Last update time of the attachment.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `protocol` (String) Tunnel protocol for connect attachment


<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change`

Read-Only:

- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The rule number in the policy document that applies to this change.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment to change.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The list of key-value tags that changed for the segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
