---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_vpc_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::VpcAttachment
---

# awscc_networkmanager_vpc_attachment (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::VpcAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `attachment_id` (String) Id of the attachment.
- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The policy rule number associated with the attachment.
- `attachment_type` (String) Attachment type.
- `core_network_arn` (String) The ARN of a core network for the VPC attachment.
- `core_network_id` (String) The ID of a core network for the VPC attachment.
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the attachment.
- `edge_location` (String) The Region where the edge is located.
- `network_function_group_name` (String) The name of the network function group attachment.
- `options` (Attributes) Vpc options of the attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `owner_account_id` (String) Owner account of the attachment.
- `proposed_network_function_group_change` (Attributes) The attachment to move from one network function group to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change))
- `proposed_segment_change` (Attributes) The attachment to move from one segment to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change))
- `resource_arn` (String) The ARN of the Resource.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment attachment..
- `state` (String) State of the attachment.
- `subnet_arns` (List of String) Subnet Arn list
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) Last update time of the attachment.
- `vpc_arn` (String) The ARN of the VPC.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `appliance_mode_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable ApplianceModeSupport Support for Vpc Attachment. Valid Values: true | false
- `dns_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable private DNS Support for Vpc Attachment. Valid Values: true | false
- `ipv_6_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable Ipv6 Support for Vpc Attachment. Valid Values: enable | disable
- `security_group_referencing_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable Security Group Referencing Support for Vpc Attachment. Valid Values: true | false


<a id="nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_network_function_group_change`

Read-Only:

- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The rule number in the policy document that applies to this change.
- `network_function_group_name` (String) The name of the network function group to change.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The key-value tags that changed for the network function group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_network_function_group_change.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.



<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change`

Read-Only:

- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The rule number in the policy document that applies to this change.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment to change.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The key-value tags that changed for the segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change.tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
