---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_device Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::Device
---

# awscc_networkmanager_device (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::NetworkManager::Device



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `aws_location` (Attributes) The Amazon Web Services location of the device, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_location))
- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the device was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the device.
- `device_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the device.
- `device_id` (String) The ID of the device.
- `global_network_id` (String) The ID of the global network.
- `location` (Attributes) The site location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `model` (String) The device model
- `serial_number` (String) The device serial number.
- `site_id` (String) The site ID.
- `state` (String) The state of the device.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The device type.
- `vendor` (String) The device vendor.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_location`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the subnet that the device is located in.
- `zone` (String) The Zone that the device is located in. Specify the ID of an Availability Zone, Local Zone, Wavelength Zone, or an Outpost.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The physical address.
- `latitude` (String) The latitude.
- `longitude` (String) The longitude.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
