---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_nimblestudio_launch_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::NimbleStudio::LaunchProfile
---

# awscc_nimblestudio_launch_profile (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::NimbleStudio::LaunchProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) <p>The description.</p>
- `ec_2_subnet_ids` (List of String) <p>Specifies the IDs of the EC2 subnets where streaming sessions will be accessible from.
            These subnets must support the specified instance types. </p>
- `launch_profile_id` (String)
- `launch_profile_protocol_versions` (List of String) <p>The version number of the protocol that is used by the launch profile. The only valid
            version is "2021-03-31".</p>
- `name` (String) <p>The name for the launch profile.</p>
- `stream_configuration` (Attributes) <p>A configuration for a streaming session.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration))
- `studio_component_ids` (List of String) <p>Unique identifiers for a collection of studio components that can be used with this
            launch profile.</p>
- `studio_id` (String) <p>The studio ID. </p>
- `tags` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `automatic_termination_mode` (String)
- `clipboard_mode` (String)
- `ec_2_instance_types` (List of String) <p>The EC2 instance types that users can select from when launching a streaming session
            with this launch profile.</p>
- `max_session_length_in_minutes` (Number) <p>The length of time, in minutes, that a streaming session can be active before it is
            stopped or terminated. After this point, Nimble Studio automatically terminates or
            stops the session. The default length of time is 690 minutes, and the maximum length of
            time is 30 days.</p>
- `max_stopped_session_length_in_minutes` (Number) <p>Integer that determines if you can start and stop your sessions and how long a session
            can stay in the <code>STOPPED</code> state. The default value is 0. The maximum value is
            5760.</p>
         <p>This field is allowed only when <code>sessionPersistenceMode</code> is
                <code>ACTIVATED</code> and <code>automaticTerminationMode</code> is
                <code>ACTIVATED</code>.</p>
         <p>If the value is set to 0, your sessions can?t be <code>STOPPED</code>. If you then
            call <code>StopStreamingSession</code>, the session fails. If the time that a session
            stays in the <code>READY</code> state exceeds the <code>maxSessionLengthInMinutes</code>
            value, the session will automatically be terminated (instead of
            <code>STOPPED</code>).</p>
         <p>If the value is set to a positive number, the session can be stopped. You can call
                <code>StopStreamingSession</code> to stop sessions in the <code>READY</code> state.
            If the time that a session stays in the <code>READY</code> state exceeds the
                <code>maxSessionLengthInMinutes</code> value, the session will automatically be
            stopped (instead of terminated).</p>
- `session_backup` (Attributes) <p>Configures how streaming sessions are backed up when launched from this launch
            profile.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_backup))
- `session_persistence_mode` (String)
- `session_storage` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a streaming session?s upload storage.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage))
- `streaming_image_ids` (List of String) <p>The streaming images that users can select from when launching a streaming session
            with this launch profile.</p>
- `volume_configuration` (Attributes) <p>Custom volume configuration for the root volumes that are attached to streaming
            sessions.</p>
         <p>This parameter is only allowed when <code>sessionPersistenceMode</code> is
                <code>ACTIVATED</code>.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--volume_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.session_backup`

Read-Only:

- `max_backups_to_retain` (Number) <p>The maximum number of backups that each streaming session created from this launch
            profile can have.</p>
- `mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.session_storage`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (List of String) <p>Allows artists to upload files to their workstations. The only valid option is
                <code>UPLOAD</code>.</p>
- `root` (Attributes) <p>The upload storage root location (folder) on streaming workstations where files are
            uploaded.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage--root))

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage--root"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.session_storage.root`

Read-Only:

- `linux` (String) <p>The folder path in Linux workstations where files are uploaded.</p>
- `windows` (String) <p>The folder path in Windows workstations where files are uploaded.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--volume_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.volume_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `iops` (Number) <p>The number of I/O operations per second for the root volume that is attached to
            streaming session.</p>
- `size` (Number) <p>The size of the root volume that is attached to the streaming session. The root volume
            size is measured in GiBs.</p>
- `throughput` (Number) <p>The throughput to provision for the root volume that is attached to the streaming
            session. The throughput is measured in MiB/s.</p>
