---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_observabilityadmin_organization_telemetry_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ObservabilityAdmin::OrganizationTelemetryRule
---

# awscc_observabilityadmin_organization_telemetry_rule (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ObservabilityAdmin::OrganizationTelemetryRule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `rule` (Attributes) The telemetry rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))
- `rule_arn` (String) The arn of the organization telemetry rule
- `rule_name` (String) The name of the organization telemetry rule
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Read-Only:

- `destination_configuration` (Attributes) The destination configuration for telemetry data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration))
- `resource_type` (String) Resource Type associated with the Organization Telemetry Rule
- `scope` (String) Selection Criteria on scope level for rule application
- `selection_criteria` (String) Selection Criteria on resource level for rule application
- `telemetry_type` (String) Telemetry Type associated with the Organization Telemetry Rule

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `destination_pattern` (String) Pattern for telemetry data destination
- `destination_type` (String) Type of telemetry destination
- `retention_in_days` (Number) Number of days to retain the telemetry data in the specified destination
- `vpc_flow_log_parameters` (Attributes) Telemetry parameters for VPC Flow logs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--vpc_flow_log_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--vpc_flow_log_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.vpc_flow_log_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `log_format` (String) The fields to include in the flow log record. If you omit this parameter, the flow log is created using the default format.
- `max_aggregation_interval` (Number) The maximum interval of time, in seconds, during which a flow of packets is captured and aggregated into a flow log record. Default is 600s.
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic captured for the flow log. Default is ALL




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
