---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ODB::OdbPeeringConnection
---

# awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ODB::OdbPeeringConnection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `additional_peer_network_cidrs` (List of String) The additional CIDR blocks for the ODB peering connection.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the ODB peering connection.
- `odb_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB network.
- `odb_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB network.
- `odb_peering_connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB peering connection.
- `odb_peering_connection_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB peering connection.
- `peer_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the peer network.
- `peer_network_cidrs` (List of String) The CIDR blocks for the ODB peering connection.
- `peer_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the peer network.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the Odb peering connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., :, /, =, +, @, -, and ".
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
