---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_odb_odb_network Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ODB::OdbNetwork
---

# awscc_odb_odb_network (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ODB::OdbNetwork



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone` (String) The AWS Availability Zone (AZ) where the ODB network is located.
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The AZ ID of the AZ where the ODB network is located.
- `backup_subnet_cidr` (String) The CIDR range of the backup subnet in the ODB network.
- `client_subnet_cidr` (String) The CIDR range of the client subnet in the ODB network.
- `custom_domain_name` (String) The domain name to use for the resources in the ODB network.
- `default_dns_prefix` (String) The DNS prefix to the default DNS domain name. The default DNS domain name is oraclevcn.com.
- `delete_associated_resources` (Boolean) Specifies whether to delete associated OCI networking resources along with the ODB network.
- `display_name` (String) The user-friendly name of the ODB network.
- `managed_services` (Attributes) The managed services configuration for the ODB network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_services))
- `oci_network_anchor_id` (String) The unique identifier of the OCI network anchor for the ODB network.
- `oci_resource_anchor_name` (String) The name of the OCI resource anchor that's associated with the ODB network.
- `oci_vcn_url` (String) The URL for the VCN that's associated with the ODB network.
- `odb_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB network.
- `odb_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB network.
- `s3_access` (String) Specifies the configuration for Amazon S3 access from the ODB network.
- `s3_policy_document` (String) Specifies the endpoint policy for Amazon S3 access from the ODB network.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the Odb Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `zero_etl_access` (String) Specifies the configuration for Zero-ETL access from the ODB network.

<a id="nestedatt--managed_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_services`

Read-Only:

- `managed_s3_backup_access` (Attributes) The managed Amazon S3 backup access configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_services--managed_s3_backup_access))
- `managed_services_ipv_4_cidrs` (List of String) The IPv4 CIDR blocks for the managed services.
- `resource_gateway_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource gateway.
- `s3_access` (Attributes) The Amazon S3 access configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_services--s3_access))
- `service_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service network.
- `service_network_endpoint` (Attributes) The service network endpoint configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_services--service_network_endpoint))
- `zero_etl_access` (Attributes) The Zero-ETL access configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_services--zero_etl_access))

<a id="nestedatt--managed_services--managed_s3_backup_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_services.managed_s3_backup_access`

Read-Only:

- `ipv_4_addresses` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses for the managed Amazon S3 backup access.
- `status` (String) The status of the managed Amazon S3 backup access.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_services--s3_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_services.s3_access`

Read-Only:

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name for the Amazon S3 access.
- `ipv_4_addresses` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses for the Amazon S3 access.
- `s3_policy_document` (String) The endpoint policy for the Amazon S3 access.
- `status` (String) The status of the Amazon S3 access.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_services--service_network_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_services.service_network_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC endpoint.
- `vpc_endpoint_type` (String) The type of the VPC endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_services--zero_etl_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_services.zero_etl_access`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block for the Zero-ETL access.
- `status` (String) The status of the Zero-ETL access.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., :, /, =, +, @, -, and ".
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
