---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_omics_sequence_store Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Omics::SequenceStore
---

# awscc_omics_sequence_store (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Omics::SequenceStore



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_log_location` (String) Location of the access logs.
- `arn` (String) The store's ARN.
- `creation_time` (String) When the store was created.
- `description` (String) A description for the store.
- `e_tag_algorithm_family` (String)
- `fallback_location` (String) An S3 location that is used to store files that have failed a direct upload.
- `name` (String) A name for the store.
- `propagated_set_level_tags` (List of String) The tags keys to propagate to the S3 objects associated with read sets in the sequence store.
- `s3_access_point_arn` (String) This is ARN of the access point associated with the S3 bucket storing read sets.
- `s3_access_policy` (String) The resource policy that controls S3 access on the store
- `s3_uri` (String) The S3 URI of the sequence store.
- `sequence_store_id` (String)
- `sse_config` (Attributes) Server-side encryption (SSE) settings for a store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_config))
- `status` (String)
- `status_message` (String) The status message of the sequence store.
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `update_time` (String) The last-updated time of the sequence store.

<a id="nestedatt--sse_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_config`

Read-Only:

- `key_arn` (String) An encryption key ARN.
- `type` (String)
