---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_opensearchserverless_collection Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::Collection
---

# awscc_opensearchserverless_collection (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::Collection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the collection.
- `collection_endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the collection.
- `collection_group_name` (String) The name of the collection group to associate with the collection.
- `collection_id` (String) The identifier of the collection
- `dashboard_endpoint` (String) The OpenSearch Dashboards endpoint for the collection.
- `description` (String) The description of the collection
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) Encryption settings for the collection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_config))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) Key Management Service key used to encrypt the collection.
- `name` (String) The name of the collection.

The name must meet the following criteria:
Unique to your account and AWS Region
Starts with a lowercase letter
Contains only lowercase letters a-z, the numbers 0-9 and the hyphen (-)
Contains between 3 and 32 characters
- `standby_replicas` (String) The possible standby replicas for the collection
- `tags` (Attributes List) List of tags to be added to the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The possible types for the collection

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_config`

Read-Only:

- `aws_owned_key` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use an AWS owned key for encryption.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) Key Management Service key used to encrypt the collection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key in the key-value pair
- `value` (String) The value in the key-value pair
