---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_opensearchservice_application Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchService::Application
---

# awscc_opensearchservice_application (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchService::Application



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `app_configs` (Attributes List) List of application configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_configs))
- `application_id` (String) The identifier of the application.
- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) format.
- `data_sources` (Attributes List) List of data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_sources))
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the application.
- `iam_identity_center_options` (Attributes) Options for configuring IAM Identity Center (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iam_identity_center_options))
- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An arbitrary set of tags (key-value pairs) for this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--app_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_configs`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The configuration key
- `value` (String) The configuration value.


<a id="nestedatt--data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_sources`

Read-Only:

- `data_source_arn` (String) The ARN of the data source.
- `data_source_description` (String) Description of the data source.


<a id="nestedatt--iam_identity_center_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iam_identity_center_options`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether IAM Identity Center is enabled.
- `iam_identity_center_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM Identity Center instance.
- `iam_role_for_identity_center_application_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role for Identity Center application.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key in the key-value pair
- `value` (String) The value in the key-value pair
