---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::CollectionGroup
---

# awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::CollectionGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the collection group.
- `capacity_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_limits))
- `collection_group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the collection group.
- `description` (String) The description of the collection group.
- `name` (String) The name of the collection group.
- `standby_replicas` (String) Indicates whether standby replicas are used for the collection group.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_limits`

Read-Only:

- `max_indexing_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The maximum indexing capacity for collections in the group.
- `max_search_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The maximum search capacity for collections in the group.
- `min_indexing_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The minimum indexing capacity for collections in the group.
- `min_search_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The minimum search capacity for collections in the group.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key in the key-value pair
- `value` (String) The value in the key-value pair
