---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_organizations_account Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Organizations::Account
---

# awscc_organizations_account (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Organizations::Account



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) If the account was created successfully, the unique identifier (ID) of the new account.
- `account_name` (String) The friendly name of the member account.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.
- `email` (String) The email address of the owner to assign to the new member account.
- `joined_method` (String) The method by which the account joined the organization.
- `joined_timestamp` (String) The date the account became a part of the organization.
- `parent_ids` (Set of String) List of parent nodes for the member account. Currently only one parent at a time is supported. Default is root.
- `role_name` (String) The name of an IAM role that AWS Organizations automatically preconfigures in the new member account. Default name is OrganizationAccountAccessRole if not specified.
- `status` (String) The status of the account in the organization.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created account. For each tag in the list, you must specify both a tag key and a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key identifier, or name, of the tag.
- `value` (String) The string value that's associated with the key of the tag. You can set the value of a tag to an empty string, but you can't set the value of a tag to null.
