---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_quicksight_dashboard Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::QuickSight::Dashboard
---

# awscc_quicksight_dashboard (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::QuickSight::Dashboard



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>
- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `created_time` (String) <p>The time that this dataset was created.</p>
- `dashboard_id` (String)
- `dashboard_publish_options` (Attributes) <p>Dashboard publish options.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options))
- `last_published_time` (String) <p>The last time that this dataset was published.</p>
- `last_updated_time` (String) <p>The last time that this dataset was updated.</p>
- `name` (String) <p>The display name of the dashboard.</p>
- `parameters` (Attributes) <p>A list of QuickSight parameters and the list's override values.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `permissions` (Attributes List) <p>A structure that contains the permissions of the dashboard. You can use this structure
            for granting permissions by providing a list of IAM action information for each
            principal ARN. </p>

        <p>To specify no permissions, omit the permissions list.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `source_entity` (Attributes) <p>Dashboard source entity.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity))
- `tags` (Attributes List) <p>Contains a map of the key-value pairs for the resource tag or tags assigned to the
            dashboard.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `theme_arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the theme that is being used for this dashboard. If
            you add a value for this field, it overrides the value that is used in the source
            entity. The theme ARN must exist in the same AWS account where you create the
            dashboard.</p>
- `version` (Attributes) <p>Dashboard version.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version))
- `version_description` (String) <p>A description for the first version of the dashboard being created.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_publish_options`

Read-Only:

- `ad_hoc_filtering_option` (Attributes) <p>Ad hoc (one-time) filtering option.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--ad_hoc_filtering_option))
- `export_to_csv_option` (Attributes) <p>Export to .csv option.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--export_to_csv_option))
- `sheet_controls_option` (Attributes) <p>Sheet controls option.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--sheet_controls_option))

<a id="nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--ad_hoc_filtering_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_publish_options.ad_hoc_filtering_option`

Read-Only:

- `availability_status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--export_to_csv_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_publish_options.export_to_csv_option`

Read-Only:

- `availability_status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--dashboard_publish_options--sheet_controls_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dashboard_publish_options.sheet_controls_option`

Read-Only:

- `visibility_state` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Read-Only:

- `date_time_parameters` (Attributes List) <p>Date-time parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--date_time_parameters))
- `decimal_parameters` (Attributes List) <p>Decimal parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--decimal_parameters))
- `integer_parameters` (Attributes List) <p>Integer parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--integer_parameters))
- `string_parameters` (Attributes List) <p>String parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--string_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--date_time_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.date_time_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the date-time parameter.</p>
- `values` (List of String) <p>The values for the date-time parameter.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--parameters--decimal_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.decimal_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the decimal parameter.</p>
- `values` (List of Number) <p>The values for the decimal parameter.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--parameters--integer_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.integer_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of the integer parameter.</p>
- `values` (List of Number) <p>The values for the integer parameter.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--parameters--string_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.string_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>A display name for a string parameter.</p>
- `values` (List of String) <p>The values of a string parameter.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String) <p>The IAM action to grant or revoke permissions on.</p>
- `principal` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the principal. This can be one of the
            following:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user or group associated with a data source or dataset. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user, group, or namespace associated with an analysis, dashboard, template, or theme. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an AWS account root: This is an IAM ARN rather than a QuickSight
                    ARN. Use this option only to share resources (templates) across AWS accounts.
                    (This is less common.) </p>
            </li>
         </ul>


<a id="nestedatt--source_entity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity`

Read-Only:

- `source_template` (Attributes) <p>Dashboard source template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity--source_template))

<a id="nestedatt--source_entity--source_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity.source_template`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>
- `data_set_references` (Attributes List) <p>Dataset references.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity--source_template--data_set_references))

<a id="nestedatt--source_entity--source_template--data_set_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity.source_template.data_set_references`

Read-Only:

- `data_set_arn` (String) <p>Dataset Amazon Resource Name (ARN).</p>
- `data_set_placeholder` (String) <p>Dataset placeholder.</p>




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) <p>Tag key.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>Tag value.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>
- `created_time` (String) <p>The time that this dashboard version was created.</p>
- `data_set_arns` (List of String) <p>The Amazon Resource Numbers (ARNs) for the datasets that are associated with this
            version of the dashboard.</p>
- `description` (String) <p>Description.</p>
- `errors` (Attributes List) <p>Errors associated with this dashboard version.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--errors))
- `sheets` (Attributes List) <p>A list of the associated sheets with the unique identifier and name of each sheet.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--sheets))
- `source_entity_arn` (String) <p>Source entity ARN.</p>
- `status` (String)
- `theme_arn` (String) <p>The ARN of the theme associated with a version of the dashboard.</p>
- `version_number` (Number) <p>Version number for this version of the dashboard.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--version--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.errors`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) <p>Message.</p>
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--version--sheets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.sheets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of a sheet. This name is displayed on the sheet's tab in the QuickSight
            console.</p>
- `sheet_id` (String) <p>The unique identifier associated with a sheet.</p>


