---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_rbin_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Rbin::Rule
---

# awscc_rbin_rule (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Rbin::Rule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Rule Arn is unique for each rule.
- `description` (String) The description of the retention rule.
- `exclude_resource_tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the exclude resource tags used to identify resources that are excluded by the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude_resource_tags))
- `identifier` (String) The unique ID of the retention rule.
- `lock_configuration` (Attributes) Information about the retention rule lock configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lock_configuration))
- `lock_state` (String) The lock state for the retention rule.
- `resource_tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the resource tags used to identify resources that are retained by the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_tags))
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type retained by the retention rule.
- `retention_period` (Attributes) Information about the retention period for which the retention rule is to retain resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_period))
- `status` (String) The state of the retention rule. Only retention rules that are in the available state retain resources.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the tags assigned to the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--exclude_resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude_resource_tags`

Read-Only:

- `resource_tag_key` (String) The tag key of the resource.
- `resource_tag_value` (String) The tag value of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--lock_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lock_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `unlock_delay_unit` (String) The unit of time in which to measure the unlock delay. Currently, the unlock delay can be measure only in days.
- `unlock_delay_value` (Number) The unlock delay period, measured in the unit specified for UnlockDelayUnit.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_tags`

Read-Only:

- `resource_tag_key` (String) The tag key of the resource.
- `resource_tag_value` (String) The tag value of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--retention_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_period`

Read-Only:

- `retention_period_unit` (String) The retention period unit of the rule
- `retention_period_value` (Number) The retention period value of the rule.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) A unique identifier for the tag.
- `value` (String) String which you can use to describe or define the tag.
