---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_rds_global_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::RDS::GlobalCluster
---

# awscc_rds_global_cluster (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::RDS::GlobalCluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The deletion protection setting for the new global database. The global database can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The name of the database engine to be used for this DB cluster. Valid Values: aurora (for MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora), aurora-mysql (for MySQL 5.7-compatible Aurora).
If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `engine_lifecycle_support` (String) The life cycle type of the global cluster. You can use this setting to enroll your global cluster into Amazon RDS Extended Support.
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the database engine to use. If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the new global database cluster. This parameter is stored as a lowercase string.
- `global_endpoint` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--global_endpoint))
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use as the primary cluster of the global database. This parameter is optional. This parameter is stored as a lowercase string.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) The storage encryption setting for the new global database cluster.
If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--global_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The writer endpoint for the global database cluster. This endpoint always points to the writer DB instance in the current primary cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
