---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_redshift_event_subscription Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Redshift::EventSubscription
---

# awscc_redshift_event_subscription (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Redshift::EventSubscription



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `cust_subscription_id` (String) The name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `customer_aws_id` (String) The AWS account associated with the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean value; set to true to activate the subscription, and set to false to create the subscription but not activate it.
- `event_categories` (Set of String) Specifies the Amazon Redshift event categories to be published by the event notification subscription.
- `event_categories_list` (Set of String) The list of Amazon Redshift event categories specified in the event notification subscription.
- `severity` (String) Specifies the Amazon Redshift event severity to be published by the event notification subscription.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic used to transmit the event notifications.
- `source_ids` (List of String) A list of one or more identifiers of Amazon Redshift source objects.
- `source_ids_list` (List of String) A list of the sources that publish events to the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `source_type` (String) The type of source that will be generating the events.
- `status` (String) The status of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `subscription_creation_time` (String) The date and time the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription was created.
- `subscription_name` (String) The name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


