---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_resiliencehub_app Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ResilienceHub::App
---

# awscc_resiliencehub_app (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ResilienceHub::App



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `app_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the App.
- `app_assessment_schedule` (String) Assessment execution schedule.
- `app_template_body` (String) A string containing full ResilienceHub app template body.
- `description` (String) App description.
- `drift_status` (String) Indicates if compliance drifts (deviations) were detected while running an assessment for your application.
- `event_subscriptions` (Attributes List) The list of events you would like to subscribe and get notification for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_subscriptions))
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `permission_model` (Attributes) Defines the roles and credentials that AWS Resilience Hub would use while creating the application, importing its resources, and running an assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permission_model))
- `resiliency_policy_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Resiliency Policy.
- `resource_mappings` (Attributes List) An array of ResourceMapping objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_mappings))
- `tags` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--event_subscriptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_subscriptions`

Read-Only:

- `event_type` (String) The type of event you would like to subscribe and get notification for.
- `name` (String) Unique name to identify an event subscription.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Simple Notification Service topic.


<a id="nestedatt--permission_model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permission_model`

Read-Only:

- `cross_account_role_arns` (List of String) Defines a list of role Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) to be used in other accounts. These ARNs are used for querying purposes while importing resources and assessing your application.
- `invoker_role_name` (String) Existing AWS IAM role name in the primary AWS account that will be assumed by AWS Resilience Hub Service Principle to obtain a read-only access to your application resources while running an assessment.
- `type` (String) Defines how AWS Resilience Hub scans your resources. It can scan for the resources by using a pre-existing role in your AWS account, or by using the credentials of the current IAM user.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `eks_source_name` (String)
- `logical_stack_name` (String)
- `mapping_type` (String)
- `physical_resource_id` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_mappings--physical_resource_id))
- `resource_name` (String)
- `terraform_source_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--resource_mappings--physical_resource_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_mappings.physical_resource_id`

Read-Only:

- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `aws_region` (String)
- `identifier` (String)
- `type` (String)
