---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::ResilienceHubV2::Policy
---

# awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::ResilienceHubV2::Policy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `associated_service_count` (Number) The number of services associated with this policy.
- `availability_slo` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--availability_slo))
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was created.
- `data_recovery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_recovery))
- `description` (String) The description of the policy.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key ID for encrypting policy data.
- `multi_az` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_az))
- `multi_region` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_region))
- `name` (String) The name of the policy.
- `policy_arn` (String) The ARN of the policy.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags assigned to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--availability_slo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `availability_slo`

Read-Only:

- `target` (Number) Availability target percentage.


<a id="nestedatt--data_recovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_recovery`

Read-Only:

- `time_between_backups_in_minutes` (Number) Time between backups in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--multi_az"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_az`

Read-Only:

- `disaster_recovery_approach` (String) Multi-AZ disaster recovery approach.
- `rpo_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Point Objective in minutes.
- `rto_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Time Objective in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--multi_region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_region`

Read-Only:

- `disaster_recovery_approach` (String) Multi-Region disaster recovery approach.
- `rpo_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Point Objective in minutes.
- `rto_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Time Objective in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.
