---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3tables_table Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::S3Tables::Table
---

# awscc_s3tables_table (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::S3Tables::Table



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `compaction` (Attributes) Settings governing the Compaction maintenance action. Contains details about the compaction settings for an Iceberg table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compaction))
- `iceberg_metadata` (Attributes) Contains details about the metadata for an Iceberg table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata))
- `namespace` (String) The namespace that the table belongs to.
- `open_table_format` (String) Format of the table.
- `snapshot_management` (Attributes) Contains details about the snapshot management settings for an Iceberg table. A snapshot is expired when it exceeds MinSnapshotsToKeep and MaxSnapshotAgeHours. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_management))
- `storage_class_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies storage class settings for the table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_class_configuration))
- `table_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified table.
- `table_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified table bucket.
- `table_name` (String) The name for the table.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) User tags (key-value pairs) to associate with the table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `version_token` (String) The version token of the table
- `warehouse_location` (String) The warehouse location of the table.
- `without_metadata` (String) Indicates that you don't want to specify a schema for the table. This property is mutually exclusive to 'IcebergMetadata', and its only possible value is 'Yes'.

<a id="nestedatt--compaction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compaction`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Indicates whether the Compaction maintenance action is enabled.
- `target_file_size_mb` (Number) The target file size for the table in MB.


<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `iceberg_partition_spec` (Attributes) Partition specification for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_partition_spec))
- `iceberg_schema` (Attributes) Contains details about the schema for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema))
- `iceberg_sort_order` (Attributes) Sort order specification for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_sort_order))
- `table_properties` (Map of String) Iceberg table properties (e.g., format-version, write.parquet.compression-codec)

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_partition_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_partition_spec`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of partition fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_partition_spec--fields))
- `spec_id` (Number) The partition spec ID (defaults to 0 if not specified)

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_partition_spec--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_partition_spec.fields`

Read-Only:

- `field_id` (Number) The partition field ID (auto-assigned starting from 1000 if not specified)
- `name` (String) The name of the partition field
- `source_id` (Number) The source column ID to partition on
- `transform` (String) The partition transform function (identity, bucket[N], truncate[N], year, month, day, hour)



<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_schema`

Read-Only:

- `schema_field_list` (Attributes List) Contains details about the schema for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema--schema_field_list))

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema--schema_field_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_schema.schema_field_list`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier for the field
- `name` (String) The name of the field
- `required` (Boolean) A Boolean value that specifies whether values are required for each row in this field
- `type` (String) The field type



<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_sort_order"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_sort_order`

Read-Only:

- `fields` (Attributes List) List of sort fields (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_sort_order--fields))
- `order_id` (Number) The sort order ID (defaults to 1 if not specified, 0 is reserved for unsorted)

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_sort_order--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_sort_order.fields`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) Sort direction (asc or desc)
- `null_order` (String) Null value ordering (nulls-first or nulls-last)
- `source_id` (Number) The source column ID to sort on
- `transform` (String) The sort transform function




<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_management`

Read-Only:

- `max_snapshot_age_hours` (Number) The maximum age of a snapshot before it can be expired.
- `min_snapshots_to_keep` (Number) The minimum number of snapshots to keep.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the SnapshotManagement maintenance action is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_class_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_class_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `storage_class` (String) The storage class for the table


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Tag key must be between 1 to 128 characters in length. Tag key cannot start with 'aws:' and can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.
- `value` (String) Tag value must be between 0 to 256 characters in length. Tag value can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.
