---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3vectors_index Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::S3Vectors::Index
---

# awscc_s3vectors_index (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::S3Vectors::Index



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Date and time when the vector index was created.
- `data_type` (String) The data type of the vectors to be inserted into the vector index.
- `dimension` (Number) The dimensions of the vectors to be inserted into the vector index.
- `distance_metric` (String) The distance metric to be used for similarity search.
- `index_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the index
- `index_name` (String) The name of the vector index to create.
- `metadata_configuration` (Attributes) The metadata configuration for the vector index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_configuration))
- `vector_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vector bucket.
- `vector_bucket_name` (String) The name of the vector bucket that contains the vector index.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `non_filterable_metadata_keys` (Set of String) Non-filterable metadata keys allow you to enrich vectors with additional context during storage and retrieval. Unlike default metadata keys, these keys cannot be used as query filters. Non-filterable metadata keys can be retrieved but cannot be searched, queried, or filtered. You can access non-filterable metadata keys of your vectors after finding the vectors.
