---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::AppImageConfig
---

# awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::AppImageConfig



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `app_image_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppImageConfig.
- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `kernel_gateway_image_config` (Attributes) The KernelGatewayImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the AppImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config`

Read-Only:

- `file_system_config` (Attributes) The Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) storage configuration for a SageMaker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--file_system_config))
- `kernel_specs` (Attributes List) The specification of the Jupyter kernels in the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--kernel_specs))

<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--file_system_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config.file_system_config`

Read-Only:

- `default_gid` (Number) The default POSIX group ID (GID). If not specified, defaults to 100.
- `default_uid` (Number) The default POSIX user ID (UID). If not specified, defaults to 1000.
- `mount_path` (String) The path within the image to mount the user's EFS home directory. The directory should be empty. If not specified, defaults to /home/sagemaker-user.


<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--kernel_specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config.kernel_specs`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the kernel.
- `name` (String) The name of the kernel.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


