---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_action Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::Action
---

# awscc_sagemaker_action (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::Action



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `action_name` (String) The name of the action. Must be unique to your account in an AWS Region.
- `action_type` (String) The action type.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the action.
- `creation_time` (String) When the action was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the action.
- `last_modified_time` (String) When the action was last modified.
- `metadata_properties` (Attributes) Metadata properties of the tracking entity, trial, or trial component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_properties))
- `properties` (Map of String) A list of properties to add to the action.
- `source` (Attributes) The source type, ID, and URI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `status` (String) The status of the action.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_properties`

Read-Only:

- `commit_id` (String) The commit ID.
- `generated_by` (String) The entity this entity was generated by.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID.
- `repository` (String) The repository.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `source_id` (String) The ID of the source.
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source.
- `source_uri` (String) The URI of the source.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.
