---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_space Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::Space
---

# awscc_sagemaker_space (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::Space



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the associated Domain.
- `ownership_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ownership_settings))
- `space_arn` (String) The space Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `space_display_name` (String)
- `space_name` (String) A name for the Space.
- `space_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings))
- `space_sharing_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_sharing_settings))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--ownership_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ownership_settings`

Read-Only:

- `owner_user_profile_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--space_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings`

Read-Only:

- `app_type` (String)
- `code_editor_app_settings` (Attributes) The CodeEditor app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings))
- `custom_file_systems` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems))
- `jupyter_lab_app_settings` (Attributes) The JupyterLab app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings))
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The Jupyter server's app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The kernel gateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `remote_access` (String) This is a flag used to indicate if remote access is enabled.
- `space_managed_resources` (String) This is a flag used to indicate if space managed resources needs to be created.
- `space_storage_settings` (Attributes) Default storage settings for a space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--space_storage_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.code_editor_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `app_lifecycle_management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.code_editor_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management`

Read-Only:

- `idle_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.code_editor_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management.idle_settings`

Read-Only:

- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The space idle timeout value set in minutes



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--code_editor_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.code_editor_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.custom_file_systems`

Read-Only:

- `efs_file_system` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--efs_file_system))
- `fsx_lustre_file_system` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--fsx_lustre_file_system))
- `s3_file_system` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--s3_file_system))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--efs_file_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.custom_file_systems.efs_file_system`

Read-Only:

- `file_system_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--fsx_lustre_file_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.custom_file_systems.fsx_lustre_file_system`

Read-Only:

- `file_system_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--custom_file_systems--s3_file_system"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.custom_file_systems.s3_file_system`

Read-Only:

- `s3_uri` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `app_lifecycle_management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management))
- `code_repositories` (Attributes List) A list of CodeRepositories available for use with JupyterLab apps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--code_repositories))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management`

Read-Only:

- `idle_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management.idle_settings`

Read-Only:

- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The space idle timeout value set in minutes



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--code_repositories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.code_repositories`

Read-Only:

- `repository_url` (String) A CodeRepository (valid URL) to be used within Jupyter's Git extension.


<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with JupyterServer apps.

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) A list of custom SageMaker images that are configured to run as a KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default SageMaker image used by the KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with KernelGateway apps.

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.custom_images`

Read-Only:

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the CustomImage. Must be unique to your account.
- `image_version_number` (Number) The version number of the CustomImage.


<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--space_storage_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.space_storage_settings`

Read-Only:

- `ebs_storage_settings` (Attributes) Properties related to the space's Amazon Elastic Block Store volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--space_settings--space_storage_settings--ebs_storage_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--space_settings--space_storage_settings--ebs_storage_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_settings.space_storage_settings.ebs_storage_settings`

Read-Only:

- `ebs_volume_size_in_gb` (Number) Size of the Amazon EBS volume in Gb




<a id="nestedatt--space_sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `space_sharing_settings`

Read-Only:

- `sharing_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
