---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_user_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::UserProfile
---

# awscc_sagemaker_user_profile (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SageMaker::UserProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the associated Domain.
- `single_sign_on_user_identifier` (String) A specifier for the type of value specified in SingleSignOnUserValue. Currently, the only supported value is "UserName". If the Domain's AuthMode is SSO, this field is required. If the Domain's AuthMode is not SSO, this field cannot be specified.
- `single_sign_on_user_value` (String) The username of the associated AWS Single Sign-On User for this UserProfile. If the Domain's AuthMode is SSO, this field is required, and must match a valid username of a user in your directory. If the Domain's AuthMode is not SSO, this field cannot be specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the user profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_profile_arn` (String) The user profile Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `user_profile_name` (String) A name for the UserProfile.
- `user_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings`

Read-Only:

- `execution_role` (String) The user profile Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The Jupyter server's app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The kernel gateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `r_studio_server_pro_app_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure user interaction with the RStudioServerPro app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings))
- `security_groups` (List of String) The security groups for the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that Studio uses for communication.
- `sharing_settings` (Attributes) The sharing settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--sharing_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) A list of custom SageMaker images that are configured to run as a KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default SageMaker image used by the KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.custom_images`

Read-Only:

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the CustomImage. Must be unique to your account.
- `image_version_number` (Number) The version number of the CustomImage.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Read-Only:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.r_studio_server_pro_app_settings`

Read-Only:

- `access_status` (String) Indicates whether the current user has access to the RStudioServerPro app.
- `user_group` (String) The level of permissions that the user has within the RStudioServerPro app. This value defaults to User. The Admin value allows the user access to the RStudio Administrative Dashboard.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.sharing_settings`

Read-Only:

- `notebook_output_option` (String) Whether to include the notebook cell output when sharing the notebook. The default is Disabled.
- `s3_kms_key_id` (String) When NotebookOutputOption is Allowed, the AWS Key Management Service (KMS) encryption key ID used to encrypt the notebook cell output in the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `s3_output_path` (String) When NotebookOutputOption is Allowed, the Amazon S3 bucket used to store the shared notebook snapshots.


