---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SecurityLake::SubscriberNotification
---

# awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SecurityLake::SubscriberNotification



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `notification_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration))
- `subscriber_arn` (String) The ARN for the subscriber
- `subscriber_endpoint` (String) The endpoint the subscriber should listen to for notifications

<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `https_notification_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration for HTTPS subscriber notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration--https_notification_configuration))
- `sqs_notification_configuration` (String) The configurations for SQS subscriber notification. The members of this structure are context-dependent.

<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration--https_notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration.https_notification_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `authorization_api_key_name` (String) The key name for the notification subscription.
- `authorization_api_key_value` (String) The key value for the notification subscription.
- `endpoint` (String) The subscription endpoint in Security Lake.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTPS method used for the notification subscription.
- `target_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EventBridge API destinations IAM role that you created.
