---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securityhub_configuration_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SecurityHub::ConfigurationPolicy
---

# awscc_securityhub_configuration_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SecurityHub::ConfigurationPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration policy.
- `configuration_policy` (Attributes) An object that defines how Security Hub is configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy))
- `configuration_policy_id` (String) The universally unique identifier (UUID) of the configuration policy.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC and ISO 8601 format.
- `description` (String) The description of the configuration policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration policy.
- `service_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the service that the configuration policy applies to is enabled in the policy.
- `tags` (Map of String) A key-value pair to associate with a resource.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time, in UTC and ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy`

Read-Only:

- `security_hub` (Attributes) An object that defines how AWS Security Hub is configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy.security_hub`

Read-Only:

- `enabled_standard_identifiers` (List of String) A list that defines which security standards are enabled in the configuration policy.
- `security_controls_configuration` (Attributes) An object that defines which security controls are enabled in an AWS Security Hub configuration policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration))
- `service_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Security Hub is enabled in the policy.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy.security_hub.security_controls_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `disabled_security_control_identifiers` (List of String) A list of security controls that are disabled in the configuration policy
- `enabled_security_control_identifiers` (List of String) A list of security controls that are enabled in the configuration policy.
- `security_control_custom_parameters` (Attributes List) A list of security controls and control parameter values that are included in a configuration policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy.security_hub.security_controls_configuration.security_control_custom_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `parameters` (Attributes Map) An object that specifies parameter values for a control in a configuration policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters--parameters))
- `security_control_id` (String) The ID of the security control.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy.security_hub.security_controls_configuration.security_control_custom_parameters.parameters`

Read-Only:

- `value` (Attributes) An object that includes the data type of a security control parameter and its current value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters--parameters--value))
- `value_type` (String) Identifies whether a control parameter uses a custom user-defined value or subscribes to the default AWS Security Hub behavior.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration_policy--security_hub--security_controls_configuration--security_control_custom_parameters--parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_policy.security_hub.security_controls_configuration.security_control_custom_parameters.parameters.value`

Read-Only:

- `boolean` (Boolean) A control parameter that is a boolean.
- `double` (Number) A control parameter that is a double.
- `enum` (String) A control parameter that is an enum.
- `enum_list` (List of String) A control parameter that is a list of enums.
- `integer` (Number) A control parameter that is an integer.
- `integer_list` (List of Number) A control parameter that is a list of integers.
- `string` (String) A control parameter that is a string.
- `string_list` (List of String) A control parameter that is a list of strings.
