---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SMSVOICE::ProtectConfiguration
---

# awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SMSVOICE::ProtectConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the protect configuration.
- `country_rule_set` (Attributes) An array of CountryRule containing the rules for the NumberCapability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set))
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set to true deletion protection is enabled and protect configuration cannot be deleted. By default this is set to false.
- `protect_configuration_id` (String) The unique identifier for the protect configuration.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set`

Read-Only:

- `mms` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--mms))
- `sms` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--sms))
- `voice` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--voice))

<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--mms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.mms`

Read-Only:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.


<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--sms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.sms`

Read-Only:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.


<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--voice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.voice`

Read-Only:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
