---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssm_document Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SSM::Document
---

# awscc_ssm_document (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SSM::Document



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `attachments` (Attributes List) A list of key and value pairs that describe attachments to a version of a document. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `content` (String) The content for the Systems Manager document in JSON, YAML or String format.
- `document_format` (String) Specify the document format for the request. The document format can be either JSON or YAML. JSON is the default format.
- `document_type` (String) The type of document to create.
- `name` (String) A name for the Systems Manager document.
- `requires` (Attributes List) A list of SSM documents required by a document. For example, an ApplicationConfiguration document requires an ApplicationConfigurationSchema document. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requires))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Optional metadata that you assign to a resource. Tags enable you to categorize a resource in different ways, such as by purpose, owner, or environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_type` (String) Specify a target type to define the kinds of resources the document can run on.
- `update_method` (String) Update method - when set to 'Replace', the update will replace the existing document; when set to 'NewVersion', the update will create a new version.
- `version_name` (String) An optional field specifying the version of the artifact you are creating with the document. This value is unique across all versions of a document, and cannot be changed.

<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key of a key-value pair that identifies the location of an attachment to a document.
- `name` (String) The name of the document attachment file.
- `values` (List of String) The value of a key-value pair that identifies the location of an attachment to a document. The format for Value depends on the type of key you specify.


<a id="nestedatt--requires"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requires`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the required SSM document. The name can be an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `version` (String) The document version required by the current document.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.


