---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_task Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SSM::MaintenanceWindowTask
---

# awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_task (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SSM::MaintenanceWindowTask



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `cutoff_behavior` (String) The specification for whether tasks should continue to run after the cutoff time specified in the maintenance windows is reached.
- `description` (String) A description of the task.
- `logging_info` (Attributes) Information about an Amazon S3 bucket to write Run Command task-level logs to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_info))
- `max_concurrency` (String) The maximum number of targets this task can be run for, in parallel.
- `max_errors` (String) The maximum number of errors allowed before this task stops being scheduled.
- `name` (String) The task name.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the task in the maintenance window. The lower the number, the higher the priority. Tasks that have the same priority are scheduled in parallel.
- `service_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role for AWS Systems Manager to assume when running a maintenance window task.
- `targets` (Attributes List) The targets (either instances or window target ids). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `task_arn` (String) The resource that the task uses during execution.
- `task_invocation_parameters` (Attributes) The parameters to pass to the task when it runs. Populate only the fields that match the task type. All other fields should be empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters))
- `task_parameters` (String) The parameters to pass to the task when it runs.
- `task_type` (String) The type of task.
- `window_id` (String) The ID of the maintenance window where the task is registered.
- `window_task_id` (String) Unique identifier of the maintenance window task.

<a id="nestedatt--logging_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_info`

Read-Only:

- `region` (String)
- `s3_bucket` (String)
- `s3_prefix` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `maintenance_window_automation_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_automation_parameters))
- `maintenance_window_lambda_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_lambda_parameters))
- `maintenance_window_run_command_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters))
- `maintenance_window_step_functions_parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_step_functions_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_automation_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_automation_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `document_version` (String)
- `parameters` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_lambda_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_lambda_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `client_context` (String)
- `payload` (String)
- `qualifier` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_run_command_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_output_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters--cloudwatch_output_config))
- `comment` (String)
- `document_hash` (String)
- `document_hash_type` (String)
- `document_version` (String)
- `notification_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters--notification_config))
- `output_s3_bucket_name` (String)
- `output_s3_key_prefix` (String)
- `parameters` (String)
- `service_role_arn` (String)
- `timeout_seconds` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters--cloudwatch_output_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_run_command_parameters.cloudwatch_output_config`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_log_group_name` (String) The name of the CloudWatch log group where you want to send command output.
- `cloudwatch_output_enabled` (Boolean) Enables Systems Manager to send command output to CloudWatch Logs.


<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_run_command_parameters--notification_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_run_command_parameters.notification_config`

Read-Only:

- `notification_arn` (String)
- `notification_events` (List of String)
- `notification_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--task_invocation_parameters--maintenance_window_step_functions_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_invocation_parameters.maintenance_window_step_functions_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `input` (String)
- `name` (String)
