---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::SSMContacts::Rotation
---

# awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::SSMContacts::Rotation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rotation.
- `contact_ids` (List of String) Members of the rotation
- `name` (String) Name of the Rotation
- `recurrence` (Attributes) Information about when an on-call rotation is in effect and how long the rotation period lasts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence))
- `start_time` (String) Start time of the first shift of Oncall Schedule
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `time_zone_id` (String) TimeZone Identifier for the Oncall Schedule

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence`

Read-Only:

- `daily_settings` (List of String) Information about on-call rotations that recur daily.
- `monthly_settings` (Attributes List) Information about on-call rotations that recur monthly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--monthly_settings))
- `number_of_on_calls` (Number) Number of Oncalls per shift.
- `recurrence_multiplier` (Number) The number of days, weeks, or months a single rotation lasts.
- `shift_coverages` (Attributes List) Information about the days of the week included in on-call rotation coverage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages))
- `weekly_settings` (Attributes List) Information about on-call rotations that recur weekly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--weekly_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--monthly_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.monthly_settings`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month when monthly recurring on-call rotations begin.
- `hand_off_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM


<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.shift_coverages`

Read-Only:

- `coverage_times` (Attributes List) Information about when an on-call shift begins and ends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages--coverage_times))
- `day_of_week` (String) The day of the week when weekly recurring on-call shift rotations begin.

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages--coverage_times"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.shift_coverages.coverage_times`

Read-Only:

- `end_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM
- `start_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM



<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--weekly_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.weekly_settings`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (String) The day of the week when weekly recurring on-call shift rotations begin.
- `hand_off_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.
