---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_timestream_influx_db_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::InfluxDBInstance
---

# awscc_timestream_influx_db_instance (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::InfluxDBInstance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `allocated_storage` (Number) The allocated storage for the InfluxDB instance.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is associated with the InfluxDB instance.
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone (AZ) where the InfluxDB instance is created.
- `bucket` (String) The bucket for the InfluxDB instance.
- `db_instance_type` (String) The compute instance of the InfluxDB instance.
- `db_parameter_group_identifier` (String) The name of an existing InfluxDB parameter group.
- `db_storage_type` (String) The storage type of the InfluxDB instance.
- `deployment_type` (String) Deployment type of the InfluxDB Instance.
- `endpoint` (String) The connection endpoint for the InfluxDB instance.
- `influx_auth_parameters_secret_arn` (String) The Auth parameters secret Amazon Resource name (ARN) that is associated with the InfluxDB instance.
- `influx_db_instance_id` (String) The service generated unique identifier for InfluxDB instance.
- `log_delivery_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for sending logs to customer account from the InfluxDB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configuration))
- `name` (String) The unique name that is associated with the InfluxDB instance.
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the InfluxDB Instance.
- `organization` (String) The organization for the InfluxDB instance.
- `password` (String) The password for the InfluxDB instance.
- `port` (Number) The port number on which InfluxDB accepts connections.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Attach a public IP to the customer ENI.
- `secondary_availability_zone` (String) The Secondary Availability Zone (AZ) where the InfluxDB instance is created, if DeploymentType is set as WITH_MULTIAZ_STANDBY.
- `status` (String) Status of the InfluxDB Instance.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An arbitrary set of tags (key-value pairs) for this DB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `username` (String) The username for the InfluxDB instance.
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of Amazon EC2 VPC security groups to associate with this InfluxDB instance.
- `vpc_subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of EC2 subnet IDs for this InfluxDB instance.

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) S3 configuration for sending logs to customer account from the InfluxDB instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configuration--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configuration.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) The bucket name for logs to be sent from the InfluxDB instance
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether logging to customer specified bucket is enabled.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
