---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_timestream_scheduled_query Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::ScheduledQuery
---

# awscc_timestream_scheduled_query (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::ScheduledQuery



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- **arn** (String) Amazon Resource Name of the scheduled query that is generated upon creation.
- **client_token** (String) Token provided to ensure idempotency when creating scheduled queries.
- **error_report_configuration** (Attributes) Configuration for where error reports will be placed, how they will be named, and how they will be encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_report_configuration))
- **kms_key_id** (String) The KMS key for the scheduled query. If the KMS key is not specified, the database will be encrypted with a Timestream managed KMS key located in your account.
- **notification_configuration** (Attributes) Configuration for notification upon scheduled query execution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration))
- **query_string** (String) The query scheduled to be executed.
- **schedule_configuration** (Attributes) Configuration that indicates when the scheduled query is executed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_configuration))
- **scheduled_query_execution_role_arn** (String) Role that AWS Timestream will assume to execute scheduled query.
- **scheduled_query_name** (String) The name for the scheduled query.
- **sq_error_report_configuration** (String) Configuration for where error reports will be placed, how they will be named, and how they will be encrypted.
- **sq_kms_key_id** (String) The KMS key for the scheduled query. If the KMS key is not specified, the database will be encrypted with a Timestream owned KMS key located in the Timestream account.
- **sq_name** (String) The name for the scheduled query.
- **sq_notification_configuration** (String) Configuration for notification upon scheduled query execution.
- **sq_query_string** (String) The query scheduled to be executed.
- **sq_schedule_configuration** (String) Configuration that indicates when the scheduled query is executed.
- **sq_scheduled_query_execution_role_arn** (String) Role that AWS Timestream will assume to execute scheduled query.
- **sq_target_configuration** (String) Target data source to export query results from.
- **tags** (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- **target_configuration** (Attributes) Configuration of target destination table to query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--error_report_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_report_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **s3_configuration** (Attributes) S3 configuration for where error reports will be placed, how they will be named, and how they will be encrypted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_report_configuration--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--error_report_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_report_configuration.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **bucket_name** (String) S3 bucket where error reports will be placed.
- **encryption_option** (String) How error reports will be encrypted.
- **object_key_prefix** (String) Prefix for error report names.



<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **sns_configuration** (Attributes) SNS configuration for notification upon scheduled query execution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration--sns_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration--sns_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration.sns_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **topic_arn** (String) SNS Topic to be notified upon scheduled query execution.



<a id="nestedatt--schedule_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **schedule_expression** (String) The cron expression that indicates when the scheduled query is executed.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- **value** (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **timestream_configuration** (Attributes) Timestream configuration of destination table to query. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration`

Read-Only:

- **database_name** (String) The source database to query.
- **dimension_mappings** (Attributes List) Mappings of dimension names to dimension value types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--dimension_mappings))
- **measure_name_column** (String) Name of the source measure names column.
- **mixed_measure_mappings** (Attributes List) Mapping of measure names and measure value columns from the source table to the destination table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--mixed_measure_mappings))
- **multi_measure_mappings** (Attributes) Mapping of measure value columns from the source table to the destination table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--multi_measure_mappings))
- **table_name** (String) The source table to query.
- **time_column** (String) Name of the "time" column.

<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--dimension_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration.dimension_mappings`

Read-Only:

- **dimension_value_type** (String) Value type of the dimension column.
- **name** (String) Name of the dimension column.


<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--mixed_measure_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration.mixed_measure_mappings`

Read-Only:

- **measure_name** (String) Name of the measure in source table.
- **measure_value_type** (String) Value type of the measure value column in the destination table.
- **multi_measure_attribute_mappings** (Attributes List) List of multi-measure value column mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--mixed_measure_mappings--multi_measure_attribute_mappings))
- **source_column** (String) Name of the measure value column in the source table.
- **target_measure_name** (String) Name of the measure in the destination table.

<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--mixed_measure_mappings--multi_measure_attribute_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration.mixed_measure_mappings.target_measure_name`

Read-Only:

- **measure_value_type** (String) Value type of the measure value column in the destination table.
- **source_column** (String) Name of the measure value column in the source table.
- **target_multi_measure_attribute_name** (String) Name of the measure value column in the destination table.



<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--multi_measure_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration.multi_measure_mappings`

Read-Only:

- **multi_measure_attribute_mappings** (Attributes List) List of multi-measure value column mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--multi_measure_mappings--multi_measure_attribute_mappings))
- **target_multi_measure_name** (String) Name of the multi-measure in the destination table.

<a id="nestedatt--target_configuration--timestream_configuration--multi_measure_mappings--multi_measure_attribute_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_configuration.timestream_configuration.multi_measure_mappings.target_multi_measure_name`

Read-Only:

- **measure_value_type** (String) Value type of the measure value column in the destination table.
- **source_column** (String) Name of the measure value column in the source table.
- **target_multi_measure_attribute_name** (String) Name of the measure value column in the destination table.


