---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_timestream_table Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::Table
---

# awscc_timestream_table (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Timestream::Table



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `database_name` (String) The name for the database which the table to be created belongs to.
- `magnetic_store_write_properties` (Attributes) The properties that determine whether magnetic store writes are enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties))
- `name` (String) The table name exposed as a read-only attribute.
- `retention_properties` (Attributes) The retention duration of the memory store and the magnetic store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_properties))
- `table_name` (String) The name for the table. If you don't specify a name, AWS CloudFormation generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the table name.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `magnetic_store_write_properties`

Read-Only:

- `enable_magnetic_store_writes` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether magnetic store writes are enabled.
- `magnetic_store_rejected_data_location` (Attributes) Location to store information about records that were asynchronously rejected during magnetic store writes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties--magnetic_store_rejected_data_location))

<a id="nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties--magnetic_store_rejected_data_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `magnetic_store_write_properties.magnetic_store_rejected_data_location`

Read-Only:

- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) S3 configuration for location to store rejections from magnetic store writes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties--magnetic_store_rejected_data_location--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--magnetic_store_write_properties--magnetic_store_rejected_data_location--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `magnetic_store_write_properties.magnetic_store_rejected_data_location.s3_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) The bucket name used to store the data.
- `encryption_option` (String) Either SSE_KMS or SSE_S3.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Must be provided if SSE_KMS is specified as the encryption option
- `object_key_prefix` (String) String used to prefix all data in the bucket.




<a id="nestedatt--retention_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_properties`

Read-Only:

- `magnetic_store_retention_period_in_days` (String) The duration for which data must be stored in the magnetic store.
- `memory_store_retention_period_in_hours` (String) The duration for which data must be stored in the memory store.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


