---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_transfer_certificate Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Transfer::Certificate
---

# awscc_transfer_certificate (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Transfer::Certificate



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `active_date` (String) Specifies the active date for the certificate.
- `arn` (String) Specifies the unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the agreement.
- `certificate` (String) Specifies the certificate body to be imported.
- `certificate_chain` (String) Specifies the certificate chain to be imported.
- `certificate_id` (String) A unique identifier for the certificate.
- `description` (String) A textual description for the certificate.
- `inactive_date` (String) Specifies the inactive date for the certificate.
- `not_after_date` (String) Specifies the not after date for the certificate.
- `not_before_date` (String) Specifies the not before date for the certificate.
- `private_key` (String) Specifies the private key for the certificate.
- `serial` (String) Specifies Certificate's serial.
- `status` (String) A status description for the certificate.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Key-value pairs that can be used to group and search for certificates. Tags are metadata attached to certificates for any purpose. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) Describing the type of certificate. With or without a private key.
- `usage` (String) Specifies the usage type for the certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
