---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_transfer_agreement Data Source - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data Source schema for AWS::Transfer::Agreement
---

# awscc_transfer_agreement (Data Source)

Data Source schema for AWS::Transfer::Agreement



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `access_role` (String) Specifies the access role for the agreement.
- `agreement_id` (String) A unique identifier for the agreement.
- `arn` (String) Specifies the unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the agreement.
- `base_directory` (String) Specifies the base directory for the agreement.
- `custom_directories` (Attributes) Specifies a separate directory for each type of file to store for an AS2 message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_directories))
- `description` (String) A textual description for the agreement.
- `enforce_message_signing` (String) Specifies whether to enforce an AS2 message is signed for this agreement.
- `local_profile_id` (String) A unique identifier for the local profile.
- `partner_profile_id` (String) A unique identifier for the partner profile.
- `preserve_filename` (String) Specifies whether to preserve the filename received for this agreement.
- `server_id` (String) A unique identifier for the server.
- `status` (String) Specifies the status of the agreement.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Key-value pairs that can be used to group and search for agreements. Tags are metadata attached to agreements for any purpose. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_directories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_directories`

Read-Only:

- `failed_files_directory` (String) Specifies a location to store the failed files for an AS2 message.
- `mdn_files_directory` (String) Specifies a location to store the MDN file for an AS2 message.
- `payload_files_directory` (String) Specifies a location to store the payload file for an AS2 message.
- `status_files_directory` (String) Specifies a location to store the status file for an AS2 message.
- `temporary_files_directory` (String) Specifies a location to store the temporary processing file for an AS2 message.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The name assigned to the tag that you create.
- `value` (String) Contains one or more values that you assigned to the key name you create.
