---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: AWS Cloud Control"
description: |-
  Use the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud Control provider to interact with the many resources supported by AWS via the Cloud Control API.
---

# AWS Cloud Control Provider

Use the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud Control provider to interact with the many resources supported by AWS via the Cloud Control API.
You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **access_key** (String) The access key for API operations.
- **assume_role** (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assume_role))
- **insecure** (Boolean) Explicitly allow the provider to perform "insecure" SSL requests. If omitted, default value is `false`.
- **profile** (String) The profile for API operations. If not set, the default profile created with `aws configure` will be used.
- **region** (String) The region where AWS operations will take place.
- **role_arn** (String) Amazon Resource Name of the AWS CloudFormation service role that is used on your behalf to perform operations.
- **secret_key** (String) The secret key for API operations.
- **shared_credentials_file** (String) The path to the shared credentials file. If not set this defaults to ~/.aws/credentials.
- **skip_medatadata_api_check** (Boolean) Skip the AWS Metadata API check. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have a Metadata API endpoint.
- **token** (String) Session token. A session token is only required if you are using temporary security credentials.

<a id="nestedatt--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Optional:

- **duration_seconds** (Number) Duration role is assumed.
- **external_id** (String) External ID to assign to role.
- **role_arn** (String) Amazon Resource Name of the IAM role that your user assumes.
- **session_name** (String) Name to assign to session.