---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_aiops_investigation_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::AIOps::InvestigationGroup Resource Type
---

# awscc_aiops_investigation_group (Resource)

Definition of AWS::AIOps::InvestigationGroup Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) User friendly name for resources.

### Optional

- `chatbot_notification_channels` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs of notification channels to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--chatbot_notification_channels))
- `cross_account_configurations` (Attributes Set) An array of cross account configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cross_account_configurations))
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_config))
- `investigation_group_policy` (String) Investigation Group policy
- `is_cloud_trail_event_history_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable cloud trail history
- `retention_in_days` (Number) The number of days to retain the investigation group
- `role_arn` (String) The Investigation Role's ARN.
- `tag_key_boundaries` (Set of String)
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Investigation Group's ARN.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp value.
- `created_by` (String) User friendly name for resources.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_at` (String) User friendly name for resources.
- `last_modified_by` (String) User friendly name for resources.

<a id="nestedatt--chatbot_notification_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `chatbot_notification_channels`

Optional:

- `chat_configuration_arns` (Set of String)
- `sns_topic_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cross_account_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cross_account_configurations`

Optional:

- `source_role_arn` (String) The Investigation Role's ARN.


<a id="nestedatt--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_config`

Optional:

- `encryption_configuration_type` (String)
- `kms_key_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_aiops_investigation_group.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_aiops_investigation_group.example "arn"
```
