---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apigatewayv2_routing_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a routing rule. When the incoming request to a domain name matches the conditions for a rule, API Gateway invokes a stage of a target API. Supported only for REST APIs.
---

# awscc_apigatewayv2_routing_rule (Resource)

Represents a routing rule. When the incoming request to a domain name matches the conditions for a rule, API Gateway invokes a stage of a target API. Supported only for REST APIs.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) The resulting action based on matching a routing rules condition. Only InvokeApi is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `conditions` (Attributes List) The conditions of the routing rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `domain_name_arn` (String) The ARN of the domain name.
- `priority` (Number) The order in which API Gateway evaluates a rule. Priority is evaluated from the lowest value to the highest value. Rules can't have the same priority. Priority values 1-1,000,000 are supported.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `routing_rule_arn` (String)
- `routing_rule_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Required:

- `invoke_api` (Attributes) Represents an InvokeApi action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--invoke_api))

<a id="nestedatt--actions--invoke_api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.invoke_api`

Required:

- `api_id` (String) The API identifier of the target API.
- `stage` (String) The name of the target stage.

Optional:

- `strip_base_path` (Boolean) The strip base path setting. When true, API Gateway strips the incoming matched base path when forwarding the request to the target API.



<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `match_base_paths` (Attributes) The base path to be matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--match_base_paths))
- `match_headers` (Attributes) The headers to be matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--match_headers))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--match_base_paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.match_base_paths`

Optional:

- `any_of` (List of String) The string of the case sensitive base path to be matched.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--match_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.match_headers`

Optional:

- `any_of` (Attributes List) The header name and header value glob to be matched. The matchHeaders condition is matched if any of the header name and header value globs are matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--match_headers--any_of))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--match_headers--any_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.match_headers.any_of`

Optional:

- `header` (String) The case insensitive header name to be matched. The header name must be less than 40 characters and the only allowed characters are ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, and the following special characters: ``*?-!#$%&'.^_`|~.``.
- `value_glob` (String) The case sensitive header glob value to be matched against entire header value. The header glob value must be less than 128 characters and the only allowed characters are ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, and the following special characters: ``*?-!#$%&'.^_`|~``. Wildcard matching is supported for header glob values but must be for ``*prefix-match``, ``suffix-match*``, or ``*infix*-match``.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_apigatewayv2_routing_rule.example
  identity = {
    routing_rule_arn = "routing_rule_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `routing_rule_arn` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_apigatewayv2_routing_rule.example
  id = "routing_rule_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_apigatewayv2_routing_rule.example "routing_rule_arn"
```
