---
page_title: "awscc_apigateway_documentation_part Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ApiGateway::DocumentationPart resource creates a documentation part for an API. For more information, see Representation of API Documentation in API Gateway https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-documenting-api-content-representation.html in the API Gateway Developer Guide.
---

# awscc_apigateway_documentation_part (Resource)

The ``AWS::ApiGateway::DocumentationPart`` resource creates a documentation part for an API. For more information, see [Representation of API Documentation in API Gateway](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-documenting-api-content-representation.html) in the *API Gateway Developer Guide*.

## Example Usage

### Method Example

Creates a API Gateway documentation part for API entity METHOD

```terraform
resource "awscc_apigateway_documentation_part" "example" {
  location = {
    type   = "METHOD"
    method = "GET"
    path   = "/example"
  }
  properties = jsonencode({
    "description" : "Example description"
  })
  rest_api_id = awscc_apigateway_rest_api.example.id
}

resource "awscc_apigateway_rest_api" "example" {
  name = "example_api"
}
```

### Query Parameter example

Creates a API Gateway documentation part for API entity QUERY_PARAMETER

```terraform
resource "awscc_apigateway_documentation_part" "query" {
  location = {
    type   = "QUERY_PARAMETER"
    method = "GET"
    path   = "/example"
    name   = "limit"
  }
  properties = jsonencode({
    "description" : "Parameter to control max number of records to return"
  })
  rest_api_id = awscc_apigateway_rest_api.example.id
}

resource "awscc_apigateway_rest_api" "example" {
  name = "example_api"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of the targeted API entity of the to-be-created documentation part. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `properties` (String) The new documentation content map of the targeted API entity. Enclosed key-value pairs are API-specific, but only OpenAPI-compliant key-value pairs can be exported and, hence, published.
- `rest_api_id` (String) The string identifier of the associated RestApi.

### Read-Only

- `documentation_part_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `method` (String) The HTTP verb of a method. It is a valid field for the API entity types of ``METHOD``, ``PATH_PARAMETER``, ``QUERY_PARAMETER``, ``REQUEST_HEADER``, ``REQUEST_BODY``, ``RESPONSE``, ``RESPONSE_HEADER``, and ``RESPONSE_BODY``. The default value is ``*`` for any method. When an applicable child entity inherits the content of an entity of the same type with more general specifications of the other ``location`` attributes, the child entity's ``method`` attribute must match that of the parent entity exactly.
- `name` (String) The name of the targeted API entity. It is a valid and required field for the API entity types of ``AUTHORIZER``, ``MODEL``, ``PATH_PARAMETER``, ``QUERY_PARAMETER``, ``REQUEST_HEADER``, ``REQUEST_BODY`` and ``RESPONSE_HEADER``. It is an invalid field for any other entity type.
- `path` (String) The URL path of the target. It is a valid field for the API entity types of ``RESOURCE``, ``METHOD``, ``PATH_PARAMETER``, ``QUERY_PARAMETER``, ``REQUEST_HEADER``, ``REQUEST_BODY``, ``RESPONSE``, ``RESPONSE_HEADER``, and ``RESPONSE_BODY``. The default value is ``/`` for the root resource. When an applicable child entity inherits the content of another entity of the same type with more general specifications of the other ``location`` attributes, the child entity's ``path`` attribute must match that of the parent entity as a prefix.
- `status_code` (String) The HTTP status code of a response. It is a valid field for the API entity types of ``RESPONSE``, ``RESPONSE_HEADER``, and ``RESPONSE_BODY``. The default value is ``*`` for any status code. When an applicable child entity inherits the content of an entity of the same type with more general specifications of the other ``location`` attributes, the child entity's ``statusCode`` attribute must match that of the parent entity exactly.
- `type` (String) The type of API entity to which the documentation content applies. Valid values are ``API``, ``AUTHORIZER``, ``MODEL``, ``RESOURCE``, ``METHOD``, ``PATH_PARAMETER``, ``QUERY_PARAMETER``, ``REQUEST_HEADER``, ``REQUEST_BODY``, ``RESPONSE``, ``RESPONSE_HEADER``, and ``RESPONSE_BODY``. Content inheritance does not apply to any entity of the ``API``, ``AUTHORIZER``, ``METHOD``, ``MODEL``, ``REQUEST_BODY``, or ``RESOURCE`` type.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_apigateway_documentation_part.example "documentation_part_id|rest_api_id"
```
