---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_apigatewayv2_stage Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ApiGatewayV2::Stage
---

# awscc_apigatewayv2_stage (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ApiGatewayV2::Stage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_id` (String) The API identifier.
- `stage_name` (String) The stage name. Stage names can contain only alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and underscores, or be $default. Maximum length is 128 characters.

### Optional

- `access_log_settings` (Attributes) Settings for logging access in this stage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_log_settings))
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Specifies whether updates to an API automatically trigger a new deployment. The default value is false.
- `client_certificate_id` (String) The identifier of a client certificate for a Stage. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
- `default_route_settings` (Attributes) The default route settings for the stage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_route_settings))
- `deployment_id` (String) The deployment identifier for the API stage. Can't be updated if autoDeploy is enabled.
- `description` (String) The description for the API stage.
- `route_settings` (String) Route settings for the stage.
- `stage_variables` (String) A map that defines the stage variables for a Stage. Variable names can have alphanumeric and underscore characters, and the values must match [A-Za-z0-9-._~:/?#&=,]+.
- `tags` (String) The collection of tags. Each tag element is associated with a given resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--access_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_log_settings`

Optional:

- `destination_arn` (String)
- `format` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--default_route_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_route_settings`

Optional:

- `data_trace_enabled` (Boolean)
- `detailed_metrics_enabled` (Boolean)
- `logging_level` (String)
- `throttling_burst_limit` (Number)
- `throttling_rate_limit` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_apigatewayv2_stage.example
  identity = {
    api_id     = "api_id"
    stage_name = "stage_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `api_id` (String) The API identifier
- `stage_name` (String) The stage name

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_apigatewayv2_stage.example
  id = "api_id|stage_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_apigatewayv2_stage.example "api_id|stage_name"
```
