---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appconfig_extension Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::AppConfig::Extension
---

# awscc_appconfig_extension (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::AppConfig::Extension



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `name` (String) Name of the extension.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the extension.
- `latest_version_number` (Number)
- `parameters` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value tags to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `extension_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `version_number` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the extension Action.
- `name` (String) The name of the extension action.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role for invoking the extension action.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the extension action.


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the extension Parameter.
- `dynamic` (Boolean)
- `required` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appconfig_extension.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appconfig_extension.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appconfig_extension.example "id"
```
