---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appconfig_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::AppConfig::Deployment
---

# awscc_appconfig_deployment (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::AppConfig::Deployment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The application ID.
- `configuration_profile_id` (String) The configuration profile ID.
- `configuration_version` (String) The configuration version to deploy. If deploying an AWS AppConfig hosted configuration version, you can specify either the version number or version label. For all other configurations, you must specify the version number.
- `deployment_strategy_id` (String) The deployment strategy ID.
- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the deployment.
- `dynamic_extension_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_extension_parameters))
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) The AWS Key Management Service key identifier (key ID, key alias, or key ARN) provided when the resource was created or updated.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `deployment_number` (String) The sequence number of the deployment.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_extension_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_extension_parameters`

Optional:

- `extension_reference` (String)
- `parameter_name` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key-value string map. The valid character set is [a-zA-Z1-9+-=._:/]. The tag key can be up to 128 characters and must not start with aws:.
- `value` (String) The tag value can be up to 256 characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appconfig_deployment.example
  id = "application_id|environment_id|deployment_number"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appconfig_deployment.example "application_id|environment_id|deployment_number"
```
