
---
page_title: "awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An example resource schema demonstrating some basic constructs and validation rules.
---

# awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile (Resource)

An example resource schema demonstrating some basic constructs and validation rules.

## Example Usage

### AppConfig Configuration Profiles with JSON Schema Validation

Demonstrates creation of AppConfig configuration profiles for both feature flags and freeform types, each configured with JSON schema validators to ensure configuration data integrity.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# AppConfig Application is required before creating a configuration profile
resource "awscc_appconfig_application" "example" {
  name        = "example-app"
  description = "Example AppConfig application"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Configuration profile with feature flags type
resource "awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile" "feature_flags" {
  name           = "example-feature-flags"
  application_id = awscc_appconfig_application.example.id
  location_uri   = "hosted"
  description    = "Example feature flags configuration profile"
  type           = "AWS.AppConfig.FeatureFlags"

  validators = [{
    type = "JSON_SCHEMA"
    content = jsonencode({
      "$schema" = "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#"
      type      = "object"
      properties = {
        flags = {
          type = "object"
        }
      }
      required = ["flags"]
    })
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Configuration profile with freeform type
resource "awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile" "freeform" {
  name           = "example-freeform"
  application_id = awscc_appconfig_application.example.id
  location_uri   = "hosted"
  description    = "Example freeform configuration profile"
  type           = "AWS.Freeform"

  validators = [{
    type = "JSON_SCHEMA"
    content = jsonencode({
      "$schema"   = "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#"
      type        = "object"
      description = "Basic schema validation"
      required    = ["key1"]
      properties = {
        key1 = {
          type = "string"
        }
      }
    })
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The application ID.
- `location_uri` (String) A URI to locate the configuration. You can specify the AWS AppConfig hosted configuration store, Systems Manager (SSM) document, an SSM Parameter Store parameter, or an Amazon S3 object.
- `name` (String) A name for the configuration profile.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection_check` (String) On resource deletion this controls whether the Deletion Protection check should be applied, bypassed, or (the default) whether the behavior should be controlled by the account-level Deletion Protection setting. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appconfig/latest/userguide/deletion-protection.html
- `description` (String) A description of the configuration profile.
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) The AWS Key Management Service key identifier (key ID, key alias, or key ARN) provided when the resource was created or updated.
- `retrieval_role_arn` (String) The ARN of an IAM role with permission to access the configuration at the specified LocationUri.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Metadata to assign to the configuration profile. Tags help organize and categorize your AWS AppConfig resources. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value, both of which you define. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of configurations contained in the profile. When calling this API, enter one of the following values for Type: AWS.AppConfig.FeatureFlags, AWS.Freeform
- `validators` (Attributes List) A list of methods for validating the configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--validators))

### Read-Only

- `configuration_profile_id` (String) The configuration profile ID
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name of the AWS Key Management Service key to encrypt new configuration data versions in the AWS AppConfig hosted configuration store. This attribute is only used for hosted configuration types. To encrypt data managed in other configuration stores, see the documentation for how to specify an AWS KMS key for that particular service.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key-value string map. The tag key can be up to 128 characters and must not start with aws:.
- `value` (String) The tag value can be up to 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--validators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `validators`

Optional:

- `content` (String) Either the JSON Schema content or the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Lambda function.
- `type` (String) AWS AppConfig supports validators of type JSON_SCHEMA and LAMBDA.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appconfig_configuration_profile.example "application_id|configuration_profile_id"
```
