---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appintegrations_data_integration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::AppIntegrations::DataIntegration
---

# awscc_appintegrations_data_integration (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::AppIntegrations::DataIntegration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kms_key` (String) The KMS key of the data integration.
- `name` (String) The name of the data integration.
- `source_uri` (String) The URI of the data source.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The data integration description.
- `file_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration for what files should be pulled from the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_configuration))
- `object_configuration` (Map of Map of List of String) The configuration for what data should be pulled from the source.
- `schedule_config` (Attributes) The name of the data and how often it should be pulled from the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the data integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `data_integration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the data integration.
- `data_integration_id` (String) The unique identifer of the data integration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--file_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_configuration`

Optional:

- `filters` (Map of List of String) Restrictions for what files should be pulled from the source.
- `folders` (List of String) Identifiers for the source folders to pull all files from recursively.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule_config`

Optional:

- `first_execution_from` (String) The start date for objects to import in the first flow run. Epoch or ISO timestamp format is supported.
- `object` (String) The name of the object to pull from the data source.
- `schedule_expression` (String) How often the data should be pulled from data source.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key to identify the tag.
- `value` (String) Corresponding tag value for the key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appintegrations_data_integration.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifer of the data integration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account
- `region` (String) The AWS region where the resource is located

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appintegrations_data_integration.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appintegrations_data_integration.example "id"
```
