
---
page_title: "awscc_appintegrations_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS:AppIntegrations::Application
---

# awscc_appintegrations_application (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS:AppIntegrations::Application

## Example Usage

### App Integrations External Application Setup

Creates an App Integrations application with external URL configuration, allowing access to an external application through a specified URL with approved origins and ViewQuickConnect permissions.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example App Integrations Application
resource "awscc_appintegrations_application" "example" {
  name        = "example-app"
  description = "Example application created with AWSCC"
  namespace   = "contoso"

  application_source_config = {
    external_url_config = {
      access_url       = "https://example.com/app"
      approved_origins = ["https://example.com"]
    }
  }

  permissions = ["ViewQuickConnect"]

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_source_config` (Attributes) Application source config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_source_config))
- `description` (String) The application description.
- `name` (String) The name of the application.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the application.

### Optional

- `permissions` (List of String) The configuration of events or requests that the application has access to.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `application_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the application.
- `application_id` (String) The id of the application.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--application_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_source_config`

Required:

- `external_url_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_source_config--external_url_config))

<a id="nestedatt--application_source_config--external_url_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_source_config.external_url_config`

Required:

- `access_url` (String)

Optional:

- `approved_origins` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key to identify the tag.
- `value` (String) Corresponding tag value for the key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appintegrations_application.example "application_arn"
```
