
---
page_title: "awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::AppRunner::ObservabilityConfiguration resource  is an AWS App Runner resource type that specifies an App Runner observability configuration
---

# awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration (Resource)

The AWS::AppRunner::ObservabilityConfiguration resource  is an AWS App Runner resource type that specifies an App Runner observability configuration

## Example Usage

### AppRunner X-Ray Tracing Configuration

Creates an AppRunner observability configuration that enables AWS X-Ray tracing for monitoring and analyzing requests in your AppRunner service.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# AppRunner Observability Configuration
resource "awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration" "example" {
  observability_configuration_name = "example-observability-config"

  trace_configuration = {
    vendor = "AWSXRAY"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `observability_configuration_name` (String) A name for the observability configuration. When you use it for the first time in an AWS Region, App Runner creates revision number 1 of this name. When you use the same name in subsequent calls, App Runner creates incremental revisions of the configuration.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of metadata items that you can associate with your observability configuration resource. A tag is a key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `trace_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration of the tracing feature within this observability configuration. If you don't specify it, App Runner doesn't enable tracing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trace_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `latest` (Boolean) It's set to true for the configuration with the highest Revision among all configurations that share the same Name. It's set to false otherwise.
- `observability_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of this ObservabilityConfiguration
- `observability_configuration_revision` (Number) The revision of this observability configuration. It's unique among all the active configurations ('Status': 'ACTIVE') that share the same ObservabilityConfigurationName.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--trace_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trace_configuration`

Optional:

- `vendor` (String) The implementation provider chosen for tracing App Runner services.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_apprunner_observability_configuration.example "observability_configuration_arn"
```
