---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appsync_function_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An example resource schema demonstrating some basic constructs and validation rules.
---

# awscc_appsync_function_configuration (Resource)

An example resource schema demonstrating some basic constructs and validation rules.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_id` (String) The AWS AppSync GraphQL API that you want to attach using this function.
- `data_source_name` (String) The name of data source this function will attach.
- `name` (String) The name of the function.

### Optional

- `code` (String) The resolver code that contains the request and response functions. When code is used, the runtime is required. The runtime value must be APPSYNC_JS.
- `code_s3_location` (String) The Amazon S3 endpoint (where the code is located??).
- `description` (String) The function description.
- `function_version` (String) The version of the request mapping template. Currently, only the 2018-05-29 version of the template is supported.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) The maximum number of resolver request inputs that will be sent to a single AWS Lambda function in a BatchInvoke operation.
- `request_mapping_template` (String) The Function request mapping template. Functions support only the 2018-05-29 version of the request mapping template.
- `request_mapping_template_s3_location` (String) Describes a Sync configuration for a resolver. Contains information on which Conflict Detection, as well as Resolution strategy, should be performed when the resolver is invoked.
- `response_mapping_template` (String) The Function response mapping template.
- `response_mapping_template_s3_location` (String) The location of a response mapping template in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use this if you want to provision with a template file in Amazon S3 rather than embedding it in your CloudFormation template.
- `runtime` (Attributes) Describes a runtime used by an AWS AppSync pipeline resolver or AWS AppSync function. Specifies the name and version of the runtime to use. Note that if a runtime is specified, code must also be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime))
- `sync_config` (Attributes) Describes a Sync configuration for a resolver. Specifies which Conflict Detection strategy and Resolution strategy to use when the resolver is invoked. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config))

### Read-Only

- `function_arn` (String) The ARN for the function generated by the service
- `function_id` (String) The unique identifier for the function generated by the service
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--runtime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the runtime to use. Currently, the only allowed value is APPSYNC_JS.
- `runtime_version` (String) The version of the runtime to use. Currently, the only allowed version is 1.0.0.


<a id="nestedatt--sync_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config`

Required:

- `conflict_detection` (String) The Conflict Detection strategy to use.

Optional:

- `conflict_handler` (String) The Conflict Resolution strategy to perform in the event of a conflict.
- `lambda_conflict_handler_config` (Attributes) The LambdaConflictHandlerConfig when configuring LAMBDA as the Conflict Handler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_config--lambda_conflict_handler_config))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_config--lambda_conflict_handler_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_config.lambda_conflict_handler_config`

Optional:

- `lambda_conflict_handler_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Lambda function to use as the Conflict Handler.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appsync_function_configuration.example FunctionArn
```
