---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_appstream_stack Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::AppStream::Stack
---

# awscc_appstream_stack (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::AppStream::Stack



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_endpoints` (Attributes List) The list of virtual private cloud (VPC) interface endpoint objects. Users of the stack can connect to AppStream 2.0 only through the specified endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_endpoints))
- `application_settings` (Attributes) The persistent application settings for users of the stack. When these settings are enabled, changes that users make to applications and Windows settings are automatically saved after each session and applied to the next session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_settings))
- `attributes_to_delete` (List of String) The stack attributes to delete.
- `delete_storage_connectors` (Boolean) This parameter has been deprecated. Deletes the storage connectors currently enabled for the stack.
- `description` (String) The description to display.
- `display_name` (String) The stack name to display.
- `embed_host_domains` (List of String) The domains where AppStream 2.0 streaming sessions can be embedded in an iframe. You must approve the domains that you want to host embedded AppStream 2.0 streaming sessions.
- `feedback_url` (String) The URL that users are redirected to after they click the Send Feedback link. If no URL is specified, no Send Feedback link is displayed.
- `name` (String) The name of the stack.
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL that users are redirected to after their streaming session ends.
- `storage_connectors` (Attributes List) The storage connectors to enable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_connectors))
- `streaming_experience_settings` (Attributes) The streaming protocol that you want your stack to prefer. This can be UDP or TCP. Currently, UDP is only supported in the Windows native client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--streaming_experience_settings))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_settings` (Attributes List) The actions that are enabled or disabled for users during their streaming sessions. By default, these actions are enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--access_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_endpoints`

Optional:

- `endpoint_type` (String) The type of interface endpoint.
- `vpce_id` (String) The identifier (ID) of the VPC in which the interface endpoint is used.


<a id="nestedatt--application_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables persistent application settings for users during their streaming sessions.
- `settings_group` (String) The path prefix for the S3 bucket where users? persistent application settings are stored. You can allow the same persistent application settings to be used across multiple stacks by specifying the same settings group for each stack.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_connectors`

Optional:

- `connector_type` (String) The type of storage connector.
- `domains` (List of String) The names of the domains for the account.
- `resource_identifier` (String) The ARN of the storage connector.


<a id="nestedatt--streaming_experience_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `streaming_experience_settings`

Optional:

- `preferred_protocol` (String) The preferred protocol that you want to use while streaming your application.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action that is enabled or disabled.
- `maximum_length` (Number) Specifies the number of characters that can be copied by end users from the local device to the remote session, and to the local device from the remote session. This can be specified only for the CLIPBOARD_COPY_FROM_LOCAL_DEVICE and CLIPBOARD_COPY_TO_LOCAL_DEVICE actions. This defaults to 20,971,520 (20 MB) when unspecified and the permission is ENABLED. This can't be specified when the permission is DISABLED. The value can be between 1 and 20,971,520 (20 MB).
- `permission` (String) Indicates whether the action is enabled or disabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appstream_stack.example
  identity = {
    name = "name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the stack

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_appstream_stack.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_appstream_stack.example "name"
```
