---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_aps_scraper Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::APS::Scraper
---

# awscc_aps_scraper (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::APS::Scraper



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (Attributes) Scraper metrics destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `scrape_configuration` (Attributes) Scraper configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scrape_configuration))
- `source` (Attributes) Scraper metrics source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Optional

- `alias` (String) Scraper alias.
- `role_configuration` (Attributes) Role configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Scraper ARN.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `role_arn` (String) IAM role ARN for the scraper.
- `scraper_id` (String) Required to identify a specific scraper.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Optional:

- `amp_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for Amazon Managed Prometheus metrics destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination--amp_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--destination--amp_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination.amp_configuration`

Optional:

- `workspace_arn` (String) ARN of an Amazon Managed Prometheus workspace



<a id="nestedatt--scrape_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scrape_configuration`

Optional:

- `configuration_blob` (String) Prometheus compatible scrape configuration in base64 encoded blob format


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `eks_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for EKS metrics source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--eks_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--source--eks_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.eks_configuration`

Optional:

- `cluster_arn` (String) ARN of an EKS cluster
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) List of security group IDs
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) List of subnet IDs



<a id="nestedatt--role_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_configuration`

Optional:

- `source_role_arn` (String) IAM Role in source account
- `target_role_arn` (String) IAM Role in the target account


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_aps_scraper.example "arn"
```
