---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_aps_anomaly_detector Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AnomalyDetector schema for cloudformation.
---

# awscc_aps_anomaly_detector (Resource)

AnomalyDetector schema for cloudformation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The AnomalyDetector alias.
- `configuration` (Attributes) Determines the anomaly detector's algorithm and its configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `workspace` (String) Required to identify a specific APS Workspace associated with this Anomaly Detector.

### Optional

- `evaluation_interval_in_seconds` (Number) The AnomalyDetector period of detection and metric generation.
- `labels` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to provide meta-data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))
- `missing_data_action` (Attributes) The action to perform when running the expression returns no data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--missing_data_action))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The AnomalyDetector ARN.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `random_cut_forest` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest`

Required:

- `query` (String)

Optional:

- `ignore_near_expected_from_above` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_above))
- `ignore_near_expected_from_below` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_below))
- `sample_size` (Number)
- `shingle_size` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_above"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest.ignore_near_expected_from_above`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number)
- `ratio` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--random_cut_forest--ignore_near_expected_from_below"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.random_cut_forest.ignore_near_expected_from_below`

Optional:

- `amount` (Number)
- `ratio` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--missing_data_action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `missing_data_action`

Optional:

- `mark_as_anomaly` (Boolean)
- `skip` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_aps_anomaly_detector.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The AnomalyDetector ARN

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_aps_anomaly_detector.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_aps_anomaly_detector.example "arn"
```
