---
page_title: "awscc_athena_data_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Athena::DataCatalog
---

# awscc_athena_data_catalog (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Athena::DataCatalog

## Example Usage

### Glue Catalog
To create AWS Glue data catalog:
```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

resource "awscc_athena_data_catalog" "this" {
  name = "awscc-catalog"
  type = "GLUE"
  parameters = {
    catalog-id = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the data catalog to create. The catalog name must be unique for the AWS account and can use a maximum of 128 alphanumeric, underscore, at sign, or hyphen characters.
- `type` (String) The type of data catalog to create: LAMBDA for a federated catalog, GLUE for AWS Glue Catalog, or HIVE for an external hive metastore. FEDERATED is a federated catalog for which Athena creates the connection and the Lambda function for you based on the parameters that you pass.

### Optional

- `connection_type` (String) The type of connection for a FEDERATED data catalog
- `description` (String) A description of the data catalog to be created.
- `error` (String) Text of the error that occurred during data catalog creation or deletion.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Specifies the Lambda function or functions to use for creating the data catalog. This is a mapping whose values depend on the catalog type.
- `status` (String) The status of the creation or deletion of the data catalog. LAMBDA, GLUE, and HIVE data catalog types are created synchronously. Their status is either CREATE_COMPLETE or CREATE_FAILED. The FEDERATED data catalog type is created asynchronously.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of comma separated tags to add to the data catalog that is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_athena_data_catalog.example "name"
```