---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_auditmanager_assessment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An entity that defines the scope of audit evidence collected by AWS Audit Manager.
---

# awscc_auditmanager_assessment (Resource)

An entity that defines the scope of audit evidence collected by AWS Audit Manager.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `assessment_reports_destination` (Attributes) The destination in which evidence reports are stored for the specified assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assessment_reports_destination))
- `aws_account` (Attributes) The AWS account associated with the assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_account))
- `description` (String) The description of the specified assessment.
- `framework_id` (String) The identifier for the specified framework.
- `name` (String) The name of the related assessment.
- `roles` (Attributes List) The list of roles for the specified assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))
- `scope` (Attributes) The wrapper that contains the AWS accounts and AWS services in scope for the assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))
- `status` (String) The status of the specified assessment.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with the assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the assessment.
- `assessment_id` (String)
- `creation_time` (Number) The sequence of characters that identifies when the event occurred.
- `delegations` (Attributes List) The list of delegations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delegations))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--assessment_reports_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assessment_reports_destination`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) The URL of the specified Amazon S3 bucket.
- `destination_type` (String) The destination type, such as Amazon S3.


<a id="nestedatt--aws_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_account`

Optional:

- `email_address` (String) The unique identifier for the email account.
- `id` (String) The identifier for the specified AWS account.
- `name` (String) The name of the specified AWS account.


<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM user or role.
- `role_type` (String) The IAM role type.


<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `aws_accounts` (Attributes List) The AWS accounts included in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--aws_accounts))
- `aws_services` (Attributes List) The AWS services included in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope--aws_services))

<a id="nestedatt--scope--aws_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.aws_accounts`

Optional:

- `email_address` (String) The unique identifier for the email account.
- `id` (String) The identifier for the specified AWS account.
- `name` (String) The name of the specified AWS account.


<a id="nestedatt--scope--aws_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.aws_services`

Optional:

- `service_name` (String) The name of the AWS service.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--delegations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delegations`

Read-Only:

- `assessment_id` (String)
- `assessment_name` (String) The name of the related assessment.
- `comment` (String) The comment related to the delegation.
- `control_set_id` (String) The identifier for the specified control set.
- `created_by` (String) The IAM user or role that performed the action.
- `creation_time` (Number) The sequence of characters that identifies when the event occurred.
- `id` (String)
- `last_updated` (Number) The sequence of characters that identifies when the event occurred.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM user or role.
- `role_type` (String) The IAM role type.
- `status` (String) The status of the delegation.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_auditmanager_assessment.example <resource ID>
```
