---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a custom framework in AWS Audit Manager.
---

# awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework (Resource)

Creates a custom framework in AWS Audit Manager.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_sets` (Attributes List) The control sets that are associated with the framework. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_sets))
- `name` (String) The name of the framework.

### Optional

- `compliance_type` (String) The compliance type that the framework supports, such as CIS or HIPAA.
- `description` (String) The description of the framework.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with the framework. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the framework.
- `created_at` (String) The time when the framework was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user or role that created the framework.
- `framework_id` (String) The unique identifier for the framework.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The time when the framework was most recently updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The user or role that most recently updated the framework.
- `type` (String) The framework type, such as a standard framework or a custom framework.

<a id="nestedatt--control_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_sets`

Required:

- `controls` (Attributes List) The list of controls within the control set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_sets--controls))
- `name` (String) The name of the control set.

<a id="nestedatt--control_sets--controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_sets.controls`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the control.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the framework

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_auditmanager_assessment_framework.example "arn"
```
