---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_awsexternalanthropic_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::AWSExternalAnthropic::Workspace
---

# awscc_awsexternalanthropic_workspace (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::AWSExternalAnthropic::Workspace



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the workspace.

### Optional

- `data_residency` (Attributes) Data residency configuration for the workspace. WorkspaceGeo is immutable after creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_residency))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the workspace.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the workspace was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `workspace_id` (String) The unique identifier of the workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--data_residency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_residency`

Optional:

- `allowed_inference_geos` (Set of String) Permitted inference geo values. Omit to allow all geos (the service default of 'unrestricted'); otherwise list specific geos.
- `default_inference_geo` (String) Default inference geo applied when requests omit the parameter. Defaults to 'global' if omitted. Must be a member of AllowedInferenceGeos unless AllowedInferenceGeos is omitted.
- `workspace_geo` (String) Geographic region for workspace data storage. Immutable after creation. Defaults to 'us' if omitted.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_awsexternalanthropic_workspace.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the workspace

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_awsexternalanthropic_workspace.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_awsexternalanthropic_workspace.example "arn"
```
