---
page_title: "awscc_backup_framework Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Contains detailed information about a framework. Frameworks contain controls, which evaluate and report on your backup events and resources. Frameworks generate daily compliance results.
---

# awscc_backup_framework (Resource)

Contains detailed information about a framework. Frameworks contain controls, which evaluate and report on your backup events and resources. Frameworks generate daily compliance results.

## Example Usage

Create a backup framework with both control scopes defined and not defined.

```terraform
resource "awscc_backup_framework" "example" {
  framework_controls = [{
    control_name = "BACKUP_PLAN_MIN_FREQUENCY_AND_MIN_RETENTION_CHECK"
    control_input_parameters = [{
      parameter_name  = "requiredRetentionDays"
      parameter_value = "35"
      },
      {
        parameter_name  = "requiredFrequencyValue"
        parameter_value = "1"
      },
      {
        parameter_name  = "requiredFrequencyUnit"
        parameter_value = "days"
    }]
    },
    {
      control_name = "BACKUP_LAST_RECOVERY_POINT_CREATED"
      control_input_parameters = [
        {
          parameter_name  = "recoveryPointAgeValue"
          parameter_value = "1"
        },
        {
          parameter_name  = "recoveryPointAgeUnit"
          parameter_value = "days"
      }],
      control_scope = {
        compliance_resource_types = [
          "RDS",
          "S3",
          "Aurora",
          "EFS",
          "EC2",
          "Storage Gateway",
          "EBS",
          "DynamoDB",
          "FSx",
          "VirtualMachine"
        ]
      }
    }
  ]
  framework_description = "example framework"
  framework_name        = "example"
  framework_tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `framework_controls` (Attributes Set) Contains detailed information about all of the controls of a framework. Each framework must contain at least one control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--framework_controls))

### Optional

- `framework_description` (String) An optional description of the framework with a maximum 1,024 characters.
- `framework_name` (String) The unique name of a framework. This name is between 1 and 256 characters, starting with a letter, and consisting of letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), and underscores (_).
- `framework_tags` (Attributes List) Metadata that you can assign to help organize the frameworks that you create. Each tag is a key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--framework_tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The date and time that a framework is created, in ISO 8601 representation. The value of CreationTime is accurate to milliseconds. For example, 2020-07-10T15:00:00.000-08:00 represents the 10th of July 2020 at 3:00 PM 8 hours behind UTC.
- `deployment_status` (String) The deployment status of a framework. The statuses are: `CREATE_IN_PROGRESS | UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS | DELETE_IN_PROGRESS | COMPLETED | FAILED`
- `framework_arn` (String) An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies Framework as a resource
- `framework_status` (String) A framework consists of one or more controls. Each control governs a resource, such as backup plans, backup selections, backup vaults, or recovery points. You can also turn AWS Config recording on or off for each resource. The statuses are:

`ACTIVE` when recording is turned on for all resources governed by the framework.

`PARTIALLY_ACTIVE` when recording is turned off for at least one resource governed by the framework.

`INACTIVE` when recording is turned off for all resources governed by the framework.

`UNAVAILABLE` when AWS Backup is unable to validate recording status at this time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--framework_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `framework_controls`

Required:

- `control_name` (String) The name of a control. This name is between 1 and 256 characters.

Optional:

- `control_input_parameters` (Attributes Set) A list of ParameterName and ParameterValue pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--framework_controls--control_input_parameters))
- `control_scope` (Attributes) The scope of a control. The control scope defines what the control will evaluate. Three examples of control scopes are: a specific backup plan, all backup plans with a specific tag, or all backup plans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--framework_controls--control_scope))

<a id="nestedatt--framework_controls--control_input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `framework_controls.control_input_parameters`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--framework_controls--control_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `framework_controls.control_scope`

Optional:

- `compliance_resource_ids` (List of String) The ID of the only AWS resource that you want your control scope to contain.
- `compliance_resource_types` (List of String) Describes whether the control scope includes one or more types of resources, such as `EFS` or `RDS`.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Describes whether the control scope includes resources with one or more tags. Each tag is a key-value pair. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--framework_controls--control_scope--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--framework_controls--control_scope--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `framework_controls.control_scope.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.




<a id="nestedatt--framework_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `framework_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_backup_framework.example
  id = "framework_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_backup_framework.example "framework_arn"
```