---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_batch_quota_share Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an AWS Batch quota share. Each quota share operates as a virtual queue with a configured compute capacity, resource sharing strategy, and borrow limits.
---

# awscc_batch_quota_share (Resource)

Creates an AWS Batch quota share. Each quota share operates as a virtual queue with a configured compute capacity, resource sharing strategy, and borrow limits.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capacity_limits` (Attributes List) A list that specifies the quantity and type of compute capacity allocated to the quota share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_limits))
- `job_queue` (String) The AWS Batch job queue associated with the quota share. This can be the job queue name or ARN. A job queue must be in the `VALID` state before you can associate it with a quota share.
- `preemption_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies the preemption behavior for jobs in a quota share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preemption_configuration))
- `quota_share_name` (String) The name of the quota share. It can be up to 128 characters long. It can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, hyphens (-), and underscores (_).
- `resource_sharing_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies whether a quota share reserves, lends, or both lends and borrows idle compute capacity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_sharing_configuration))

### Optional

- `state` (String) The state of the quota share. If the quota share is `ENABLED`, it is able to accept jobs. If the quota share is `DISABLED`, new jobs won't be accepted but jobs already submitted can finish. The default state is `ENABLED`.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags that you apply to the quota share to help you categorize and organize your resources. Each tag consists of a key and an optional value.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `quota_share_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the quota share.

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_limits`

Required:

- `capacity_unit` (String) The unit of compute capacity for the capacityLimit. For example, `ml.m5.large`.
- `max_capacity` (Number) The maximum capacity available for the quota share. This value represents the maximum quantity of a resource that can be allocated to jobs in the quota share without borrowing.


<a id="nestedatt--preemption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preemption_configuration`

Required:

- `in_share_preemption` (String) Specifies whether jobs within a quota share can be preempted by another, higher priority job in the same quota share.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_sharing_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_sharing_configuration`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) The resource sharing strategy for the quota share. The `RESERVE` strategy allows a quota share to reserve idle capacity for itself. `LEND` configures the share to lend its idle capacity to another share in need of capacity. The `LEND_AND_BORROW` strategy configures the share to borrow idle capacity from an underutilized share, as well as lend to another share.

Optional:

- `borrow_limit` (Number) The maximum percentage of additional capacity that the quota share can borrow from other shares. `BorrowLimit` can only be applied to quota shares with a strategy of `LEND_AND_BORROW`. This value is expressed as a percentage of the quota share's configured CapacityLimits. The `BorrowLimit` is applied uniformly across all capacity units. For example, if the `BorrowLimit` is 200, the quota share can borrow up to 200% of its configured `maxCapacity` for each capacity unit. The default `BorrowLimit` is -1, which indicates unlimited borrowing.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_batch_quota_share.example
  identity = {
    quota_share_arn = "quota_share_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `quota_share_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the quota share

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_batch_quota_share.example
  id = "quota_share_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_batch_quota_share.example "quota_share_arn"
```
