---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::BrowserProfile
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_profile (Resource)

Resource definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::BrowserProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the browser profile.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the browser profile.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tag keys and values.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the browser profile was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_saved_at` (String) Timestamp when the browser profile was last saved.
- `last_saved_browser_id` (String) ID of the last saved browser.
- `last_saved_browser_session_id` (String) ID of the last saved browser session.
- `last_updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the browser profile was last updated.
- `profile_arn` (String) The ARN of a BrowserProfile resource.
- `profile_id` (String) The id of the browser profile.
- `status` (String) Status of browser profile

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_profile.example
  identity = {
    profile_id = "profile_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `profile_id` (String) The id of the browser profile

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_profile.example
  id = "profile_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_bedrockagentcore_browser_profile.example "profile_id"
```
