---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_online_evaluation_config Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::OnlineEvaluationConfig - Creates an online evaluation configuration for continuous monitoring of agent performance.
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_online_evaluation_config (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::OnlineEvaluationConfig - Creates an online evaluation configuration for continuous monitoring of agent performance.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_source_config` (Attributes) The data source configuration that specifies CloudWatch log groups and service names to monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_source_config))
- `evaluation_execution_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that grants permissions for evaluation.
- `evaluators` (Attributes List) The list of evaluators to apply during online evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluators))
- `online_evaluation_config_name` (String) The name of the online evaluation configuration. Must be unique within your account.
- `rule` (Attributes) The evaluation rule that defines sampling configuration, filters, and session detection settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the online evaluation configuration.
- `execution_status` (String) The execution status indicating whether the online evaluation is currently running.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to assign to the online evaluation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the online evaluation configuration was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `online_evaluation_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the online evaluation configuration.
- `online_evaluation_config_id` (String) The unique identifier of the online evaluation configuration.
- `output_config` (Attributes) The configuration that specifies where evaluation results should be written. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_config))
- `status` (String) The status of the online evaluation configuration.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the online evaluation configuration was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--data_source_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_config`

Required:

- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) The configuration for reading agent traces from CloudWatch logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_source_config--cloudwatch_logs))

<a id="nestedatt--data_source_config--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_config.cloudwatch_logs`

Required:

- `log_group_names` (List of String) The list of CloudWatch log group names to monitor for agent traces.
- `service_names` (List of String) The list of service names to filter traces within the specified log groups.



<a id="nestedatt--evaluators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluators`

Required:

- `evaluator_id` (String) The unique identifier of the evaluator.


<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `sampling_config` (Attributes) The configuration that controls what percentage of agent traces are sampled for evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--sampling_config))

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) The list of filters that determine which agent traces should be included in the evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--filters))
- `session_config` (Attributes) The configuration that defines how agent sessions are detected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--session_config))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--sampling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.sampling_config`

Required:

- `sampling_percentage` (Number) The percentage of agent traces to sample for evaluation.


<a id="nestedatt--rule--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.filters`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key or field name to filter on within the agent trace data.
- `operator` (String) The comparison operator to use for filtering.
- `value` (Attributes) The value used in filter comparisons. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--filters--value))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--filters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.filters.value`

Optional:

- `boolean_value` (Boolean) The boolean value for true/false filtering conditions.
- `double_value` (Number) The numeric value for numerical filtering.
- `string_value` (String) The string value for text-based filtering.



<a id="nestedatt--rule--session_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.session_config`

Optional:

- `session_timeout_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes of inactivity after which an agent session is considered complete.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--output_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_config`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_config` (Attributes) The CloudWatch configuration for writing evaluation results. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_config--cloudwatch_config))

<a id="nestedatt--output_config--cloudwatch_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_config.cloudwatch_config`

Read-Only:

- `log_group_name` (String) The CloudWatch log group name for evaluation results.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_online_evaluation_config.example
  identity = {
    online_evaluation_config_arn = "online_evaluation_config_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `online_evaluation_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the online evaluation configuration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_online_evaluation_config.example
  id = "online_evaluation_config_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_bedrockagentcore_online_evaluation_config.example "online_evaluation_config_arn"
```
