---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_configuration_bundle Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::BedrockAgentCore::ConfigurationBundle Resource Type
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_configuration_bundle (Resource)

Definition of AWS::BedrockAgentCore::ConfigurationBundle Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bundle_name` (String) The name for the configuration bundle. Names must be unique within your account.
- `components` (Attributes Map) A map of component identifiers to their configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))

### Optional

- `branch_name` (String) The branch name for version tracking.
- `commit_message` (String) A commit message describing the version of the configuration bundle.
- `created_by` (Attributes) The source that created a configuration bundle version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_by))
- `description` (String) The description for the configuration bundle.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt component configurations.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the configuration bundle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `bundle_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration bundle.
- `bundle_id` (String) The unique identifier of the configuration bundle.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the configuration bundle was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lineage_metadata` (Attributes) The version lineage metadata that tracks parent versions and creation source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lineage_metadata))
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the configuration bundle was last updated.
- `version_id` (String) The version identifier of the configuration bundle.

<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Optional:

- `configuration` (String) The configuration values as a flexible JSON document.


<a id="nestedatt--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_by`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the source, if applicable.
- `name` (String) The name of the source (for example, user, optimization-job, or system).


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--lineage_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lineage_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `branch_name` (String) The branch name for this version.
- `commit_message` (String) A commit message describing the changes in this version.
- `created_by` (Attributes) The source that created a configuration bundle version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lineage_metadata--created_by))
- `parent_version_ids` (List of String) A list of parent version identifiers.

<a id="nestedatt--lineage_metadata--created_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lineage_metadata.created_by`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the source, if applicable.
- `name` (String) The name of the source (for example, user, optimization-job, or system).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_configuration_bundle.example
  identity = {
    bundle_arn = "bundle_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `bundle_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the configuration bundle

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_configuration_bundle.example
  id = "bundle_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_bedrockagentcore_configuration_bundle.example "bundle_arn"
```
