---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_workload_identity Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::BedrockAgentCore::WorkloadIdentity Resource Type
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_workload_identity (Resource)

Definition of AWS::BedrockAgentCore::WorkloadIdentity Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the workload identity. The name must be unique within your account.

### Optional

- `allowed_resource_oauth_2_return_urls` (List of String) The list of allowed OAuth2 return URLs for resources associated with this workload identity.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (Number) The timestamp when the workload identity was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (Number) The timestamp when the workload identity was last updated.
- `workload_identity_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workload identity.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_workload_identity.example
  identity = {
    name = "name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the workload identity

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_workload_identity.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_bedrockagentcore_workload_identity.example "name"
```
