---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Evaluator - Creates a custom evaluator for agent quality assessment using LLM-as-a-Judge configurations.
---

# awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::BedrockAgentCore::Evaluator - Creates a custom evaluator for agent quality assessment using LLM-as-a-Judge configurations.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `evaluator_config` (Attributes) The configuration for the evaluator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config))
- `evaluator_name` (String) The name of the evaluator. Must be unique within your account.
- `level` (String) The evaluation level that determines the scope of evaluation.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the evaluator.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to assign to the evaluator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the evaluator was created.
- `evaluator_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the evaluator.
- `evaluator_id` (String) The unique identifier of the evaluator.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The current status of the evaluator.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the evaluator was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config`

Optional:

- `code_based` (Attributes) The configuration for code-based evaluation using a Lambda function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--code_based))
- `llm_as_a_judge` (Attributes) The configuration for LLM-as-a-Judge evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--code_based"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.code_based`

Optional:

- `lambda_config` (Attributes) The Lambda function configuration for code-based evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--code_based--lambda_config))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--code_based--lambda_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.code_based.lambda_config`

Optional:

- `lambda_arn` (String) The ARN of the Lambda function used for evaluation.
- `lambda_timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The timeout in seconds for the Lambda function invocation.



<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge`

Optional:

- `instructions` (String) The evaluation instructions that guide the language model in assessing agent performance.
- `model_config` (Attributes) The model configuration that specifies which foundation model to use for evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config))
- `rating_scale` (Attributes) The rating scale that defines how evaluators should score agent performance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config`

Optional:

- `bedrock_evaluator_model_config` (Attributes) The configuration for using Amazon Bedrock models in evaluator assessments. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config.bedrock_evaluator_model_config`

Optional:

- `additional_model_request_fields` (String) Additional model-specific request fields.
- `inference_config` (Attributes) The inference configuration parameters that control model behavior during evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config--inference_config))
- `model_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Bedrock model to use for evaluation.

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--model_config--bedrock_evaluator_model_config--inference_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.model_config.bedrock_evaluator_model_config.inference_config`

Optional:

- `max_tokens` (Number) The maximum number of tokens to generate in the model response.
- `temperature` (Number) The temperature value that controls randomness in the model's responses.
- `top_p` (Number) The top-p sampling parameter that controls the diversity of the model's responses.




<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale`

Optional:

- `categorical` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--categorical))
- `numerical` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--numerical))

<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--categorical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale.categorical`

Optional:

- `definition` (String) The description that explains what this categorical rating represents.
- `label` (String) The label of this categorical rating option.


<a id="nestedatt--evaluator_config--llm_as_a_judge--rating_scale--numerical"></a>
### Nested Schema for `evaluator_config.llm_as_a_judge.rating_scale.numerical`

Optional:

- `definition` (String) The description that explains what this numerical rating represents.
- `label` (String) The label that describes this numerical rating option.
- `value` (Number) The numerical value for this rating scale option.





<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator.example
  identity = {
    evaluator_arn = "evaluator_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `evaluator_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the evaluator

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator.example
  id = "evaluator_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_bedrockagentcore_evaluator.example "evaluator_arn"
```
