---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_billingconductor_pricing_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A markup/discount that is defined for a specific set of services that can later be associated with a pricing plan.
---

# awscc_billingconductor_pricing_rule (Resource)

A markup/discount that is defined for a specific set of services that can later be associated with a pricing plan.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Pricing rule name
- `scope` (String) A term used to categorize the granularity of a Pricing Rule.
- `type` (String) One of MARKUP, DISCOUNT or TIERING that describes the behaviour of the pricing rule.

### Optional

- `billing_entity` (String) The seller of services provided by AWS, their affiliates, or third-party providers selling services via AWS Marketplaces. Supported billing entities are AWS, AWS Marketplace, and AISPL.
- `description` (String) Pricing rule description
- `modifier_percentage` (Number) Pricing rule modifier percentage
- `operation` (String) The Operation which a SKU pricing rule is modifying
- `service` (String) The service which a pricing rule is applied on
- `tags` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tiering` (Attributes) The set of tiering configurations for the pricing rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tiering))
- `usage_type` (String) The UsageType which a SKU pricing rule is modifying

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Pricing rule ARN
- `associated_pricing_plan_count` (Number) The number of pricing plans associated with pricing rule
- `creation_time` (Number) Creation timestamp in UNIX epoch time format
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (Number) Latest modified timestamp in UNIX epoch time format

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tiering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiering`

Optional:

- `free_tier` (Attributes) The possible customizable free tier configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tiering--free_tier))

<a id="nestedatt--tiering--free_tier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tiering.free_tier`

Required:

- `activated` (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_billingconductor_pricing_rule.example <resource ID>
```
