---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_braket_spending_limit Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a spending limit for a specified quantum device. Spending limits help you control costs by setting maximum amounts that can be spent on quantum computing tasks within a specified time period.
---

# awscc_braket_spending_limit (Resource)

Creates a spending limit for a specified quantum device. Spending limits help you control costs by setting maximum amounts that can be spent on quantum computing tasks within a specified time period.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the quantum device to apply the spending limit to.
- `spending_limit` (String) The maximum amount that can be spent on the specified device, in USD.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags to apply to the spending limit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `time_period` (Attributes) Defines a time range for spending limits, specifying when the limit is active. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_period))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the spending limit was created, in ISO 8601 format.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `queued_spend` (String) The amount currently queued for spending on the device, in USD.
- `spending_limit_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies the spending limit.
- `total_spend` (String) The total amount spent on the device so far during the current time period, in USD.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the spending limit was last modified, in ISO 8601 format.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--time_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_period`

Optional:

- `end_at` (String) The end date and time for the spending limit period, in ISO 8601 format.
- `start_at` (String) The start date and time for the spending limit period, in ISO 8601 format.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_braket_spending_limit.example
  identity = {
    spending_limit_arn = "spending_limit_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `spending_limit_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies the spending limit

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_braket_spending_limit.example
  id = "spending_limit_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_braket_spending_limit.example "spending_limit_arn"
```
