---
page_title: "awscc_cases_layout Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A layout in the Cases domain. Layouts define the following configuration in the top section and More Info tab of the Cases user interface: Fields to display to the users and Field ordering.
---

# awscc_cases_layout (Resource)

A layout in the Cases domain. Layouts define the following configuration in the top section and More Info tab of the Cases user interface: Fields to display to the users and Field ordering.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_cases_layout" "example" {
  domain_id = awscc_cases_domain.example.domain_id
  name      = "example-layout"

  content = {
    basic = {
      top_panel = {
        sections = [{
          field_group = {
            name = "Summary"
            fields = [{
              id = awscc_cases_field.example.field_id
            }]
          }
        }]
      }
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "test"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_cases_domain" "example" {
  name = "example-cases-domain-for-layout"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "test"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_cases_field" "example" {
  domain_id = awscc_cases_domain.example.domain_id
  name      = "example-field-for-layout"
  type      = "Text"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "test"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (Attributes) Defines the layout structure and field organization for the case interface. Specifies which fields appear in the top panel and More Info tab, and their display order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `name` (String) A descriptive name for the layout. Must be unique within the Cases domain and should clearly indicate the layout's purpose and field organization.

### Optional

- `domain_id` (String) The unique identifier of the Cases domain.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags that you attach to this layout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) The time at which the layout was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) The time at which the layout was created or last modified.
- `layout_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the layout.
- `layout_id` (String) The unique identifier of the layout.

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) Defines the field layout for the agent's case interface. Configures which fields appear in the top panel (immediately visible) and More Info tab (expandable section) of the case view, allowing customization of the agent experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic`

Optional:

- `more_info` (Attributes) Sections within a panel or tab of the page layout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--more_info))
- `top_panel` (Attributes) Sections within a panel or tab of the page layout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--more_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.more_info`

Optional:

- `sections` (Attributes List) Defines the sections within a panel or tab. Contains field groups that organize related fields together. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.more_info.sections`

Optional:

- `field_group` (Attributes) Consists of a group of fields and associated properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections--field_group))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections--field_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.more_info.sections.field_group`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) An ordered list of fields to display in this group. The order determines the sequence in which fields appear in the agent interface. Each field is referenced by its unique field ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections--field_group--fields))
- `name` (String) A descriptive name for the field group. Helps organize related fields together in the layout interface.

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--more_info--sections--field_group--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.more_info.sections.field_group.fields`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of a field.





<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.top_panel`

Optional:

- `sections` (Attributes List) Defines the sections within a panel or tab. Contains field groups that organize related fields together. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.top_panel.sections`

Optional:

- `field_group` (Attributes) Consists of a group of fields and associated properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections--field_group))

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections--field_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.top_panel.sections.field_group`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) An ordered list of fields to display in this group. The order determines the sequence in which fields appear in the agent interface. Each field is referenced by its unique field ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections--field_group--fields))
- `name` (String) A descriptive name for the field group. Helps organize related fields together in the layout interface.

<a id="nestedatt--content--basic--top_panel--sections--field_group--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.basic.top_panel.sections.field_group.fields`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of a field.







<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cases_layout.example
  identity = {
    layout_arn = "layout_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `layout_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the layout

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cases_layout.example
  id = "layout_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cases_layout.example "layout_arn"
```
