---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cases_domain Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A domain, which is a container for all case data, such as cases, fields, templates and layouts. Each Amazon Connect instance can be associated with only one Cases domain.
---

# awscc_cases_domain (Resource)

A domain, which is a container for all case data, such as cases, fields, templates and layouts. Each Amazon Connect instance can be associated with only one Cases domain.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for your Cases domain. It must be unique for your AWS account.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags that you attach to this domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) The time at which the domain was created.
- `domain_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Cases domain.
- `domain_id` (String) The unique identifier of the Cases domain.
- `domain_status` (String) The current status of the Cases domain. Indicates whether the domain is Active, CreationInProgress, or CreationFailed.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cases_domain.example
  identity = {
    domain_arn = "domain_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `domain_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Cases domain

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cases_domain.example
  id = "domain_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cases_domain.example "domain_arn"
```
