
---
page_title: "awscc_cassandra_type Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Cassandra::Type
---

# awscc_cassandra_type (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Cassandra::Type

## Example Usage

### Cassandra Custom Type Definition

Creates a custom address type in Amazon Keyspaces (for Apache Cassandra) with predefined fields for street, city, postal code, and country, all using text data type.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a keyspace first
resource "awscc_cassandra_keyspace" "example" {
  keyspace_name = "example_keyspace"
}

# Example Cassandra Type
resource "awscc_cassandra_type" "example" {
  keyspace_name = awscc_cassandra_keyspace.example.keyspace_name
  type_name     = "address_type"

  fields = [{
    field_name = "street"
    field_type = "text"
    }, {
    field_name = "city"
    field_type = "text"
    }, {
    field_name = "postal_code"
    field_type = "text"
    }, {
    field_name = "country"
    field_type = "text"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fields` (Attributes Set) Field definitions of the User-Defined Type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `keyspace_name` (String) Name of the Keyspace which contains the User-Defined Type.
- `type_name` (String) Name of the User-Defined Type.

### Read-Only

- `direct_parent_types` (Set of String) List of parent User-Defined Types that directly reference the User-Defined Type in their fields.
- `direct_referring_tables` (Set of String) List of Tables that directly reference the User-Defined Type in their columns.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `keyspace_arn` (String) ARN of the Keyspace which contains the User-Defined Type.
- `last_modified_timestamp` (Number) Timestamp of the last time the User-Defined Type's meta data was modified.
- `max_nesting_depth` (Number) Maximum nesting depth of the User-Defined Type across the field types.

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Required:

- `field_name` (String)
- `field_type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cassandra_type.example "keyspace_name|type_name"
```
