---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_certificatemanager_acme_domain_validation Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeDomainValidation
---

# awscc_certificatemanager_acme_domain_validation (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeDomainValidation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acme_endpoint_arn` (String) The ARN of the ACME endpoint this domain validation is associated with.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name to validate.
- `prevalidation_options` (Attributes) Prevalidation method configuration. Currently only DNS-based prevalidation is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prevalidation_options))

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with the domain validation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain validation.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--prevalidation_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prevalidation_options`

Required:

- `dns_prevalidation` (Attributes) DNS-based prevalidation options for the domain validation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prevalidation_options--dns_prevalidation))

<a id="nestedatt--prevalidation_options--dns_prevalidation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prevalidation_options.dns_prevalidation`

Optional:

- `domain_scope` (Attributes) Controls which certificate types are authorized to be issued for the domain via the ACME endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prevalidation_options--dns_prevalidation--domain_scope))
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The Route 53 hosted zone ID for automatic DNS record management. When provided, the service creates the validation DNS record on the customer's behalf.

<a id="nestedatt--prevalidation_options--dns_prevalidation--domain_scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prevalidation_options.dns_prevalidation.domain_scope`

Optional:

- `exact_domain` (String) Whether certificates may be issued for the exact domain.
- `subdomains` (String) Whether certificates may be issued for subdomains of the domain.
- `wildcards` (String) Whether wildcard certificates may be issued for the domain.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_certificatemanager_acme_domain_validation.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain validation

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_certificatemanager_acme_domain_validation.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_certificatemanager_acme_domain_validation.example "arn"
```
