---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeEndpoint
---

# awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CertificateManager::AcmeEndpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization_behavior` (String) The authorization behavior for the ACME endpoint.
- `certificate_authority` (Attributes) The certificate authority configuration for the ACME endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_authority))

### Optional

- `certificate_tags` (Attributes List) Tags applied to certificates issued via this endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_tags))
- `contact` (String) Whether contact information is required for the ACME endpoint.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with the ACME endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `acme_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ACME endpoint.
- `endpoint_url` (String) The ACME directory URL for the endpoint.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_authority`

Required:

- `public_certificate_authority` (Attributes) Configuration for the public certificate authority. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_authority--public_certificate_authority))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_authority--public_certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_authority.public_certificate_authority`

Optional:

- `allowed_key_algorithms` (List of String) The allowed key algorithms for certificates issued via this endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint.example
  identity = {
    acme_endpoint_arn = "acme_endpoint_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `acme_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ACME endpoint

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint.example
  id = "acme_endpoint_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_certificatemanager_acme_endpoint.example "acme_endpoint_arn"
```
