---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_chime_app_instance_bot Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Chime::AppInstanceBot
---

# awscc_chime_app_instance_bot (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Chime::AppInstanceBot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppInstance.
- `configuration` (Attributes) A structure that contains configuration data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))

### Optional

- `metadata` (String) The metadata of the AppInstanceBot.
- `name` (String) The name of the AppInstanceBot.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the AppInstanceBot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `app_instance_bot_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppInstanceBot.
- `created_timestamp` (Number) The time at which the AppInstanceBot was created. In epoch milliseconds.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_timestamp` (Number) The time at which the AppInstanceBot was last updated. In epoch milliseconds.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `lex` (Attributes) The configuration for an Amazon Lex V2 bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--lex))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--lex"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.lex`

Required:

- `lex_bot_alias_arn` (String) The ARN of the Amazon Lex V2 bot's alias.
- `locale_id` (String) Identifies the Amazon Lex V2 bot's language and locale.

Optional:

- `invoked_by` (Attributes) Specifies the type of message that triggers a bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--lex--invoked_by))
- `responds_to` (String) Determines whether the Amazon Lex V2 bot responds to all standard messages. Control messages are not supported.
- `welcome_intent` (String) The name of the welcome intent configured in the Amazon Lex V2 bot.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--lex--invoked_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.lex.invoked_by`

Optional:

- `standard_messages` (String) Sets standard messages as the bot trigger.
- `targeted_messages` (String) Sets targeted messages as the bot trigger.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key in a tag.
- `value` (String) The value in a tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_chime_app_instance_bot.example
  identity = {
    app_instance_bot_arn = "app_instance_bot_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `app_instance_bot_arn` (String) The ARN of the AppInstanceBot

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_chime_app_instance_bot.example
  id = "app_instance_bot_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_chime_app_instance_bot.example "app_instance_bot_arn"
```
