---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_anycast_ip_list Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Anycast static IP list. For more information, see Request Anycast static IPs to use for allowlisting https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/request-static-ips.html in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
---

# awscc_cloudfront_anycast_ip_list (Resource)

An Anycast static IP list. For more information, see [Request Anycast static IPs to use for allowlisting](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/request-static-ips.html) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_count` (Number) The number of IP addresses in the Anycast static IP list.
- `name` (String) The name of the Anycast static IP list.

### Optional

- `ip_address_type` (String) The IP address type for the Anycast static IP list.
- `ipam_cidr_configs` (Attributes List) A list of IPAM CIDR configurations that define the IP address ranges, IPAM pools, and associated Anycast IP addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_cidr_configs))
- `tags` (Attributes) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `anycast_ip_list` (Attributes) An Anycast static IP list. For more information, see [Request Anycast static IPs to use for allowlisting](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/request-static-ips.html) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--anycast_ip_list))
- `anycast_ip_list_id` (String)
- `e_tag` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_cidr_config_results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_cidr_config_results))

<a id="nestedatt--ipam_cidr_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_cidr_configs`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR that specifies the IP address range for this IPAM configuration.
- `ipam_pool_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM pool that the CIDR block is assigned to.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `items` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags--items))

<a id="nestedatt--tags--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags.items`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.



<a id="nestedatt--anycast_ip_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anycast_ip_list`

Read-Only:

- `anycast_ips` (List of String) The static IP addresses that are allocated to the Anycast static IP list.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Anycast static IP list.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Anycast static IP list.
- `ip_address_type` (String) The IP address type for the Anycast static IP list.
- `ip_count` (Number) The number of IP addresses in the Anycast static IP list.
- `ipam_cidr_config_results` (Attributes List) The results for the IPAM CIDRs that defines a specific IP address range, IPAM pool, and associated Anycast IP address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--anycast_ip_list--ipam_cidr_config_results))
- `last_modified_time` (String) The last time the Anycast static IP list was modified.
- `name` (String) The name of the Anycast static IP list.
- `status` (String) The status of the Anycast static IP list. Valid values: ``Deployed``, ``Deploying``, or ``Failed``.

<a id="nestedatt--anycast_ip_list--ipam_cidr_config_results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `anycast_ip_list.ipam_cidr_config_results`

Read-Only:

- `anycast_ip` (String) The specified Anycast IP address allocated from the IPAM pool for this CIDR configuration.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR that specifies the IP address range for this IPAM configuration.
- `ipam_pool_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM pool that the CIDR block is assigned to.
- `status` (String) The current status of the IPAM CIDR configuration.



<a id="nestedatt--ipam_cidr_config_results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_cidr_config_results`

Read-Only:

- `anycast_ip` (String) The specified Anycast IP address allocated from the IPAM pool for this CIDR configuration.
- `cidr` (String) The CIDR that specifies the IP address range for this IPAM configuration.
- `ipam_pool_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM pool that the CIDR block is assigned to.
- `status` (String) The current status of the IPAM CIDR configuration.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudfront_anycast_ip_list.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudfront_anycast_ip_list.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudfront_anycast_ip_list.example "id"
```
