
---
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a new origin access control in CloudFront. After you create an origin access control, you can add it to an origin in a CloudFront distribution so that CloudFront sends authenticated (signed) requests to the origin.
  This makes it possible to block public access to the origin, allowing viewers (users) to access the origin's content only through CloudFront.
  For more information about using a CloudFront origin access control, see Restricting access to an origin https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-origin.html in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
---

# awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control (Resource)

Creates a new origin access control in CloudFront. After you create an origin access control, you can add it to an origin in a CloudFront distribution so that CloudFront sends authenticated (signed) requests to the origin.
 This makes it possible to block public access to the origin, allowing viewers (users) to access the origin's content only through CloudFront.
 For more information about using a CloudFront origin access control, see [Restricting access to an origin](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-origin.html) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.

## Example Usage

### CloudFront Origin Access Control for S3

Creates a CloudFront Origin Access Control (OAC) configuration that enables secure access to S3 bucket origins using sigv4 signing protocol with always-on signing behavior.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# CloudFront Origin Access Control
resource "awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control" "example" {
  origin_access_control_config = {
    name                              = "example-oac"
    description                       = "Example Origin Access Control for S3"
    origin_access_control_origin_type = "s3"
    signing_behavior                  = "always"
    signing_protocol                  = "sigv4"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `origin_access_control_config` (Attributes) The origin access control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_access_control_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `origin_access_control_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--origin_access_control_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_access_control_config`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name to identify the origin access control. You can specify up to 64 characters.
- `origin_access_control_origin_type` (String) The type of origin that this origin access control is for.
- `signing_behavior` (String) Specifies which requests CloudFront signs (adds authentication information to). Specify ``always`` for the most common use case. For more information, see [origin access control advanced settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-restricting-access-to-s3.html#oac-advanced-settings) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.
 This field can have one of the following values:
  +   ``always`` ? CloudFront signs all origin requests, overwriting the ``Authorization`` header from the viewer request if one exists.
  +   ``never`` ? CloudFront doesn't sign any origin requests. This value turns off origin access control for all origins in all distributions that use this origin access control.
  +   ``no-override`` ? If the viewer request doesn't contain the ``Authorization`` header, then CloudFront signs the origin request. If the viewer request contains the ``Authorization`` header, then CloudFront doesn't sign the origin request and instead passes along the ``Authorization`` header from the viewer request. *WARNING: To pass along the Authorization header from the viewer request, you must add the Authorization header to a cache policy for all cache behaviors that use origins associated with this origin access control.*
- `signing_protocol` (String) The signing protocol of the origin access control, which determines how CloudFront signs (authenticates) requests. The only valid value is ``sigv4``.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A description of the origin access control.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudfront_origin_access_control.example "id"
```
