---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudwatch_log_alarm Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CloudWatch::LogAlarm. A LogAlarm evaluates scheduled query results from CloudWatch Logs and triggers actions when thresholds are breached.
---

# awscc_cloudwatch_log_alarm (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CloudWatch::LogAlarm. A LogAlarm evaluates scheduled query results from CloudWatch Logs and triggers actions when thresholds are breached.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `comparison_operator` (String) The arithmetic operation to use when comparing the specified threshold and the query results. Valid values are GreaterThanOrEqualToThreshold, GreaterThanThreshold, LessThanThreshold, and LessThanOrEqualToThreshold.
- `query_results_to_alarm` (Number) The number of query results that must be breaching to trigger the alarm.
- `query_results_to_evaluate` (Number) The number of query results over which data is compared to the specified threshold.
- `scheduled_query_configuration` (Attributes) The scheduled query configuration for the log alarm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_query_configuration))
- `threshold` (Number) The value to compare against the results of the scheduled query evaluation.

### Optional

- `action_log_line_count` (Number) The number of log lines to include in alarm notifications. Valid values are 0 to 50.
- `action_log_line_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that grants CloudWatch permissions to fetch log lines for alarm notifications. Required when ActionLogLineCount is greater than 0.
- `actions_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether actions should be executed during any changes to the alarm state. The default is TRUE.
- `alarm_actions` (List of String) The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an ALARM state from any other state.
- `alarm_description` (String) The description of the log alarm.
- `alarm_name` (String) The name of the log alarm.
- `insufficient_data_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the INSUFFICIENT_DATA state from any other state.
- `ok_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the OK state from any other state.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs to associate with the log alarm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `treat_missing_data` (String) Sets how this alarm is to handle missing data points. Valid values are breaching, notBreaching, ignore, and missing.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the log alarm.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_query_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_query_configuration`

Required:

- `aggregation_expression` (String) The aggregation expression for the scheduled query, e.g. count(*) or avg(latency) by host.
- `log_group_identifiers` (List of String) The log groups to query.
- `query_string` (String) The query string to execute against the specified log groups.
- `schedule_configuration` (Attributes) The schedule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_query_configuration--schedule_configuration))
- `scheduled_query_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that grants permissions to execute the scheduled query.

<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_query_configuration--schedule_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_query_configuration.schedule_configuration`

Required:

- `schedule_expression` (String) The expression that defines when the scheduled query runs, e.g. rate(1 minute).

Optional:

- `end_time_offset` (Number) The number of seconds into the past to end the query window.
- `start_time_offset` (Number) The number of seconds into the past to start the query window.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A unique identifier for the tag. The combination of tag keys and values can help you organize and categorize your resources.
- `value` (String) The value for the specified tag key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudwatch_log_alarm.example
  identity = {
    alarm_name = "alarm_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `alarm_name` (String) The name of the log alarm

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudwatch_log_alarm.example
  id = "alarm_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudwatch_log_alarm.example "alarm_name"
```
