---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudformation_guard_hook Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This is a CloudFormation resource for activating the first-party AWS::Hooks::GuardHook.
---

# awscc_cloudformation_guard_hook (Resource)

This is a CloudFormation resource for activating the first-party AWS::Hooks::GuardHook.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The typename alias for the hook.
- `execution_role` (String) The execution role ARN assumed by hooks to read Guard rules from S3 and write Guard outputs to S3.
- `rule_location` (Attributes) S3 Source Location for the Guard files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_location))
- `target_operations` (List of String) Which operations should this Hook run against? Resource changes, stacks or change sets.

### Optional

- `failure_mode` (String) Attribute to specify CloudFormation behavior on hook failure.
- `hook_status` (String) Attribute to specify which stacks this hook applies to or should get invoked for
- `log_bucket` (String) S3 Bucket where the guard validate report will be uploaded to
- `options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `stack_filters` (Attributes) Filters to allow hooks to target specific stack attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters))
- `target_filters` (Attributes) Attribute to specify which targets should invoke the hook (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_filters))

### Read-Only

- `hook_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the activated hook
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rule_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_location`

Required:

- `uri` (String) S3 uri of Guard files.

Optional:

- `version_id` (String) S3 object version


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `input_params` (Attributes) S3 Source Location for the Guard files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--input_params))

<a id="nestedatt--options--input_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.input_params`

Optional:

- `uri` (String) S3 uri of Guard files.
- `version_id` (String) S3 object version



<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters`

Optional:

- `filtering_criteria` (String) Attribute to specify the filtering behavior. ANY will make the Hook pass if one filter matches. ALL will make the Hook pass if all filters match
- `stack_names` (Attributes) List of stack names as filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_names))
- `stack_roles` (Attributes) List of stack roles that are performing the stack operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters.stack_names`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Set of String) List of stack names that the hook is going to be excluded from
- `include` (Set of String) List of stack names that the hook is going to target


<a id="nestedatt--stack_filters--stack_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stack_filters.stack_roles`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Set of String) List of stack roles that the hook is going to be excluded from
- `include` (Set of String) List of stack roles that the hook is going to target



<a id="nestedatt--target_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_filters`

Optional:

- `actions` (Set of String) List of actions that the hook is going to target
- `invocation_points` (Set of String) List of invocation points that the hook is going to target
- `target_names` (Set of String) List of type names that the hook is going to target
- `targets` (Attributes List) List of hook targets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_filters--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--target_filters--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_filters.targets`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Target actions are the type of operation hooks will be executed at.
- `invocation_point` (String) Invocation points are the point in provisioning workflow where hooks will be executed.
- `target_name` (String) Type name of hook target. Hook targets are the destination where hooks will be invoked against.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudformation_guard_hook.example "hook_arn"
```
