---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudwatch_composite_alarm Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::CloudWatch::CompositeAlarm type specifies an alarm which aggregates the states of other Alarms (Metric or Composite Alarms) as defined by the AlarmRule expression
---

# awscc_cloudwatch_composite_alarm (Resource)

The AWS::CloudWatch::CompositeAlarm type specifies an alarm which aggregates the states of other Alarms (Metric or Composite Alarms) as defined by the AlarmRule expression



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alarm_name` (String) The name of the Composite Alarm
- `alarm_rule` (String) Expression which aggregates the state of other Alarms (Metric or Composite Alarms)

### Optional

- `actions_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether actions should be executed during any changes to the alarm state. The default is TRUE.
- `alarm_actions` (List of String) The list of actions to execute when this alarm transitions into an ALARM state from any other state. Specify each action as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `alarm_description` (String) The description of the alarm
- `insufficient_data_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the INSUFFICIENT_DATA state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `ok_actions` (List of String) The actions to execute when this alarm transitions to the OK state from any other state. Each action is specified as an Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the alarm
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudwatch_composite_alarm.example <resource ID>
```
