---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_continuous_deployment_policy Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a continuous deployment policy that routes a subset of production traffic from a primary distribution to a staging distribution.
  After you create and update a staging distribution, you can use a continuous deployment policy to incrementally move traffic to the staging distribution. This enables you to test changes to a distribution's configuration before moving all of your production traffic to the new configuration.
  For more information, see Using CloudFront continuous deployment to safely test CDN configuration changes https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/continuous-deployment.html in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
---

# awscc_cloudfront_continuous_deployment_policy (Resource)

Creates a continuous deployment policy that routes a subset of production traffic from a primary distribution to a staging distribution.
 After you create and update a staging distribution, you can use a continuous deployment policy to incrementally move traffic to the staging distribution. This enables you to test changes to a distribution's configuration before moving all of your production traffic to the new configuration.
 For more information, see [Using CloudFront continuous deployment to safely test CDN configuration changes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/continuous-deployment.html) in the *Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide*.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `continuous_deployment_policy_config` (Attributes) Contains the configuration for a continuous deployment policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config))

### Read-Only

- `continuous_deployment_policy_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A Boolean that indicates whether this continuous deployment policy is enabled (in effect). When this value is ``true``, this policy is enabled and in effect. When this value is ``false``, this policy is not enabled and has no effect.
- `staging_distribution_dns_names` (List of String) The CloudFront domain name of the staging distribution. For example: ``d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net``.

Optional:

- `single_header_policy_config` (Attributes) This configuration determines which HTTP requests are sent to the staging distribution. If the HTTP request contains a header and value that matches what you specify here, the request is sent to the staging distribution. Otherwise the request is sent to the primary distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_header_policy_config))
- `single_weight_policy_config` (Attributes) This configuration determines the percentage of HTTP requests that are sent to the staging distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_weight_policy_config))
- `traffic_config` (Attributes) Contains the parameters for routing production traffic from your primary to staging distributions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config))
- `type` (String) The type of traffic configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_header_policy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.single_header_policy_config`

Optional:

- `header` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_weight_policy_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.single_weight_policy_config`

Optional:

- `session_stickiness_config` (Attributes) Session stickiness provides the ability to define multiple requests from a single viewer as a single session. This prevents the potentially inconsistent experience of sending some of a given user's requests to your staging distribution, while others are sent to your primary distribution. Define the session duration using TTL values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_weight_policy_config--session_stickiness_config))
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--single_weight_policy_config--session_stickiness_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.single_weight_policy_config.session_stickiness_config`

Optional:

- `idle_ttl` (Number) The amount of time after which you want sessions to cease if no requests are received. Allowed values are 300?3600 seconds (5?60 minutes).
- `maximum_ttl` (Number) The maximum amount of time to consider requests from the viewer as being part of the same session. Allowed values are 300?3600 seconds (5?60 minutes).



<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.traffic_config`

Optional:

- `single_header_config` (Attributes) Determines which HTTP requests are sent to the staging distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_header_config))
- `single_weight_config` (Attributes) Contains the percentage of traffic to send to the staging distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_weight_config))
- `type` (String) The type of traffic configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_header_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.traffic_config.single_header_config`

Optional:

- `header` (String) The request header name that you want CloudFront to send to your staging distribution. The header must contain the prefix ``aws-cf-cd-``.
- `value` (String) The request header value.


<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_weight_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.traffic_config.single_weight_config`

Optional:

- `session_stickiness_config` (Attributes) Session stickiness provides the ability to define multiple requests from a single viewer as a single session. This prevents the potentially inconsistent experience of sending some of a given user's requests to your staging distribution, while others are sent to your primary distribution. Define the session duration using TTL values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_weight_config--session_stickiness_config))
- `weight` (Number) The percentage of traffic to send to a staging distribution, expressed as a decimal number between 0 and 0.15. For example, a value of 0.10 means 10% of traffic is sent to the staging distribution.

<a id="nestedatt--continuous_deployment_policy_config--traffic_config--single_weight_config--session_stickiness_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `continuous_deployment_policy_config.traffic_config.single_weight_config.session_stickiness_config`

Optional:

- `idle_ttl` (Number) The amount of time after which you want sessions to cease if no requests are received. Allowed values are 300?3600 seconds (5?60 minutes).
- `maximum_ttl` (Number) The maximum amount of time to consider requests from the viewer as being part of the same session. Allowed values are 300?3600 seconds (5?60 minutes).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudfront_continuous_deployment_policy.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudfront_continuous_deployment_policy.example "id"
```
