---
page_title: "awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A storage lake of event data against which you can run complex SQL-based queries. An event data store can include events that you have logged on your account from the last 7 to 2557 or 3653 days (about seven or ten years) depending on the selected BillingMode.
---

# awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store (Resource)

A storage lake of event data against which you can run complex SQL-based queries. An event data store can include events that you have logged on your account from the last 7 to 2557 or 3653 days (about seven or ten years) depending on the selected BillingMode.

## Example Usage

Create an event data store for management events

```terraform
resource "awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store" "example" {
  name                           = "example"
  retention_period               = 90
  federation_enabled             = false
  termination_protection_enabled = false
  multi_region_enabled           = false
  ingestion_enabled              = true
  billing_mode                   = "EXTENDABLE_RETENTION_PRICING"
  organization_enabled           = false
  advanced_event_selectors = [{
    field_selectors = [{
      field  = "eventCategory"
      equals = ["Management"]
    }]
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

Create an event data store to collect Insights events

```terraform
resource "awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store" "example" {
  name                           = "example"
  retention_period               = 90
  federation_enabled             = false
  termination_protection_enabled = false
  multi_region_enabled           = false
  ingestion_enabled              = true
  billing_mode                   = "EXTENDABLE_RETENTION_PRICING"
  organization_enabled           = false
  kms_key_id                     = awscc_kms_key.example.arn
  advanced_event_selectors = [{
    field_selectors = [{
      field  = "eventCategory"
      equals = ["Insight"]
    }]
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `advanced_event_selectors` (Attributes Set) The advanced event selectors that were used to select events for the data store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_event_selectors))
- `billing_mode` (String) The mode that the event data store will use to charge for event storage.
- `context_key_selectors` (Attributes Set) An array that enriches event records in an existing event data store by including additional information specified in individual ContexKeySelector entries. If you add ContextKeySelectors, you must set MaxEventSize to Large. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_key_selectors))
- `federation_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether federation is enabled on an event data store.
- `federation_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role used for event data store federation.
- `ingestion_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the event data store is ingesting events.
- `insight_selectors` (Attributes Set) Lets you enable Insights event logging by specifying the Insights selectors that you want to enable on an existing event data store. Both InsightSelectors and InsightsDestination need to have a value in order to enable Insights events on an event data store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--insight_selectors))
- `insights_destination` (String) Specifies the ARN of the event data store that will collect Insights events. Both InsightSelectors and InsightsDestination need to have a value in order to enable Insights events on an event data store
- `kms_key_id` (String) Specifies the KMS key ID to use to encrypt the events delivered by CloudTrail. The value can be an alias name prefixed by 'alias/', a fully specified ARN to an alias, a fully specified ARN to a key, or a globally unique identifier.
- `max_event_size` (String) Specifies the maximum size allowed for the event. Valid values are Standard and Large. If you add ContextKeySelectors, this value must be set to Large.
- `multi_region_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the event data store includes events from all regions, or only from the region in which it was created.
- `name` (String) The name of the event data store.
- `organization_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates that an event data store is collecting logged events for an organization.
- `retention_period` (Number) The retention period, in days.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `termination_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the event data store is protected from termination.

### Read-Only

- `created_timestamp` (String) The timestamp of the event data store's creation.
- `event_data_store_arn` (String) The ARN of the event data store.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of an event data store. Values are STARTING_INGESTION, ENABLED, STOPPING_INGESTION, STOPPED_INGESTION and PENDING_DELETION.
- `updated_timestamp` (String) The timestamp showing when an event data store was updated, if applicable. UpdatedTimestamp is always either the same or newer than the time shown in CreatedTimestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_event_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_event_selectors`

Optional:

- `field_selectors` (Attributes Set) Contains all selector statements in an advanced event selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors))
- `name` (String) An optional, descriptive name for an advanced event selector, such as "Log data events for only two S3 buckets".

<a id="nestedatt--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advanced_event_selectors.field_selectors`

Optional:

- `ends_with` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the last few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `equals` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the exact value of the event record field specified as the value of Field. This is the only valid operator that you can use with the readOnly, eventCategory, and resources.type fields.
- `field` (String) A field in an event record on which to filter events to be logged. Supported fields include readOnly, eventCategory, eventSource (for management events), eventName, resources.type, and resources.ARN.
- `not_ends_with` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the last few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `not_equals` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the exact value of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `not_starts_with` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the first few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `starts_with` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the first few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.



<a id="nestedatt--context_key_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_key_selectors`

Optional:

- `equals` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the exact value of the event record field specified in Type.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of the event record field in ContextKeySelector. Valid values include RequestContext, TagContext.


<a id="nestedatt--insight_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `insight_selectors`

Optional:

- `insight_type` (String) The type of Insights to log on an event data store.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store.example
  id = "event_data_store_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudtrail_event_data_store.example "event_data_store_arn"
```