---
page_title: "awscc_cloudfront_connection_function Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A connection function.
---

# awscc_cloudfront_connection_function (Resource)

A connection function.

## Example Usage

### Create a CloudFront connection function
Create a CloudFront connection function for processing requests with custom JavaScript code

~> This example is generated by Amazon Bedrock and verified to work using Terraform.

```terraform
resource "awscc_cloudfront_connection_function" "example" {
  name                     = "example-connection-function"
  connection_function_code = base64encode(file("${path.module}/connection-function.js"))

  connection_function_config = {
    comment = "Example CloudFront Connection Function for processing requests"
    runtime = "cloudfront-js-2.0"
  }

  auto_publish = true

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    },
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-connection-function"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_function_code` (String) The code for the connection function.
- `connection_function_config` (Attributes) Contains configuration information about a CloudFront function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_function_config))
- `name` (String) The connection function name.

### Optional

- `auto_publish` (Boolean) A flag that determines whether to automatically publish the function to the ``LIVE`` stage when it?s created. To automatically publish to the ``LIVE`` stage, set this property to ``true``.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A complex type that contains zero or more ``Tag`` elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `connection_function_arn` (String)
- `connection_function_id` (String)
- `created_time` (String)
- `e_tag` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String)
- `stage` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--connection_function_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_function_config`

Required:

- `comment` (String) A comment to describe the function.
- `runtime` (String) The function's runtime environment version.

Optional:

- `key_value_store_associations` (Attributes List) The configuration for the key value store associations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_function_config--key_value_store_associations))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_function_config--key_value_store_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_function_config.key_value_store_associations`

Optional:

- `key_value_store_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key value store association.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A string that contains ``Tag`` key.
 The string length should be between 1 and 128 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.
- `value` (String) A string that contains an optional ``Tag`` value.
 The string length should be between 0 and 256 characters. Valid characters include ``a-z``, ``A-Z``, ``0-9``, space, and the special characters ``_ - . : / = + @``.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudfront_connection_function.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudfront_connection_function.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudfront_connection_function.example "id"
```