---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_cloudformation_generated_template Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a generated template from existing resources using the CloudFormation IaC Generator.
---

# awscc_cloudformation_generated_template (Resource)

Creates a generated template from existing resources using the CloudFormation IaC Generator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `generated_template_name` (String) The name assigned to the generated template.

### Optional

- `template_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration details of the generated template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time the generated template was created.
- `generated_template_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the generated template.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) The time the generated template was last updated.
- `progress` (Attributes) A summary of the progress of the template generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--progress))
- `status` (String) The status of the template generation.
- `total_warnings` (Number) The number of warnings generated for this template.

<a id="nestedatt--template_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_configuration`

Optional:

- `deletion_policy` (String) The DeletionPolicy assigned to resources in the generated template.
- `update_replace_policy` (String) The UpdateReplacePolicy assigned to resources in the generated template.


<a id="nestedatt--progress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `progress`

Read-Only:

- `resources_failed` (Number) The number of resources that failed the template generation.
- `resources_pending` (Number) The number of resources that are still pending the template generation.
- `resources_processing` (Number) The number of resources that are in-process for the template generation.
- `resources_succeeded` (Number) The number of resources that succeeded the template generation.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudformation_generated_template.example
  identity = {
    generated_template_id = "generated_template_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `generated_template_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the generated template

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_cloudformation_generated_template.example
  id = "generated_template_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_cloudformation_generated_template.example "generated_template_id"
```
