
---
page_title: "awscc_codeartifact_package_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource schema to create a CodeArtifact package group.
---

# awscc_codeartifact_package_group (Resource)

The resource schema to create a CodeArtifact package group.

## Example Usage

### CodeArtifact Package Group Configuration

Creates a CodeArtifact package group in a specified domain with pattern '/npm/*' and configures access restrictions for publishing and upstream repositories.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current AWS account ID
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Create a CodeArtifact domain first
resource "awscc_codeartifact_domain" "example" {
  domain_name = "example-domain"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the package group
resource "awscc_codeartifact_package_group" "example" {
  domain_name  = awscc_codeartifact_domain.example.domain_name
  domain_owner = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  pattern      = "/npm/*"
  description  = "Example package group for testing"

  origin_configuration = {
    restrictions = {
      publish = {
        restriction_mode = "ALLOW"
        repositories     = []
      }
      external_upstream = {
        restriction_mode = "ALLOW"
        repositories     = []
      }
      internal_upstream = {
        restriction_mode = "ALLOW"
        repositories     = []
      }
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain that contains the package group.
- `pattern` (String) The package group pattern that is used to gather packages.

### Optional

- `contact_info` (String) The contact info of the package group.
- `description` (String) The text description of the package group.
- `domain_owner` (String) The 12-digit account ID of the AWS account that owns the domain.
- `origin_configuration` (Attributes) The package origin configuration of the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the package group.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration`

Optional:

- `restrictions` (Attributes) The origin configuration that is applied to the package group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions`

Optional:

- `external_upstream` (Attributes) The external upstream restriction determines if new package versions can be ingested or retained from external connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--external_upstream))
- `internal_upstream` (Attributes) The internal upstream restriction determines if new package versions can be ingested or retained from upstream repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--internal_upstream))
- `publish` (Attributes) The publish restriction determines if new package versions can be published. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--publish))

<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--external_upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.external_upstream`

Optional:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--internal_upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.internal_upstream`

Optional:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--origin_configuration--restrictions--publish"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_configuration.restrictions.publish`

Optional:

- `repositories` (List of String)
- `restriction_mode` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_codeartifact_package_group.example "arn"
```
