---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codepipeline_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CodePipeline::Webhook
---

# awscc_codepipeline_webhook (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CodePipeline::Webhook



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication` (String) Supported options are GITHUB_HMAC, IP, and UNAUTHENTICATED.
- `authentication_configuration` (Attributes) Properties that configure the authentication applied to incoming webhook trigger requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_configuration))
- `filters` (Attributes List) A list of rules applied to the body/payload sent in the POST request to a webhook URL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `target_action` (String) The name of the action in a pipeline you want to connect to the webhook.
- `target_pipeline` (String) The name of the pipeline you want to connect to the webhook.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the webhook
- `register_with_third_party` (Boolean) Configures a connection between the webhook that was created and the external tool with events to be detected.
- `target_pipeline_version` (Number) The version number of the pipeline to be connected to the trigger request.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `url` (String) The webhook URL generated by AWS CodePipeline
- `webhook_id` (String) logical id of the webhook

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_configuration`

Optional:

- `allowed_ip_range` (String) The property used to configure acceptance of webhooks in an IP address range. For IP, only the AllowedIPRange property must be set. This property must be set to a valid CIDR range.
- `secret_token` (String) The property used to configure GitHub authentication. For GITHUB_HMAC, only the SecretToken property must be set.


<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Required:

- `json_path` (String) A JsonPath expression that is applied to the body/payload of the webhook. The value selected by the JsonPath expression must match the value specified in the MatchEquals field. Otherwise, the request is ignored.

Optional:

- `match_equals` (String) The value selected by the JsonPath expression must match what is supplied in the MatchEquals field. Otherwise, the request is ignored.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_codepipeline_webhook.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_codepipeline_webhook.example "id"
```
