
---
page_title: "awscc_codedeploy_deployment_config Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CodeDeploy::DeploymentConfig
---

# awscc_codedeploy_deployment_config (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CodeDeploy::DeploymentConfig

## Example Usage

### Lambda Deployment Configuration with Canary Traffic Routing

To create a CodeDeploy deployment configuration for Lambda that implements a time-based canary deployment strategy, routing 10% of traffic initially and increasing after 15 minutes.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example of a deployment configuration for CodeDeploy
resource "awscc_codedeploy_deployment_config" "example" {
  deployment_config_name = "ExampleDeployConfig"
  compute_platform       = "Lambda"

  traffic_routing_config = {
    type = "TimeBasedCanary"
    time_based_canary = {
      canary_interval   = 15
      canary_percentage = 10
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `compute_platform` (String) The destination platform type for the deployment (Lambda, Server, or ECS).
- `deployment_config_name` (String) A name for the deployment configuration. If you don't specify a name, AWS CloudFormation generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the deployment configuration name. For more information, see Name Type.
- `minimum_healthy_hosts` (Attributes) The minimum number of healthy instances that should be available at any time during the deployment. There are two parameters expected in the input: type and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--minimum_healthy_hosts))
- `traffic_routing_config` (Attributes) The configuration that specifies how the deployment traffic is routed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--traffic_routing_config))
- `zonal_config` (Attributes) The zonal deployment config that specifies how the zonal deployment behaves (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zonal_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--minimum_healthy_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `minimum_healthy_hosts`

Optional:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--traffic_routing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic_routing_config`

Optional:

- `time_based_canary` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--traffic_routing_config--time_based_canary))
- `time_based_linear` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--traffic_routing_config--time_based_linear))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--traffic_routing_config--time_based_canary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic_routing_config.time_based_canary`

Optional:

- `canary_interval` (Number)
- `canary_percentage` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--traffic_routing_config--time_based_linear"></a>
### Nested Schema for `traffic_routing_config.time_based_linear`

Optional:

- `linear_interval` (Number)
- `linear_percentage` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--zonal_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zonal_config`

Optional:

- `first_zone_monitor_duration_in_seconds` (Number)
- `minimum_healthy_hosts_per_zone` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zonal_config--minimum_healthy_hosts_per_zone))
- `monitor_duration_in_seconds` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--zonal_config--minimum_healthy_hosts_per_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zonal_config.minimum_healthy_hosts_per_zone`

Optional:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_codedeploy_deployment_config.example "deployment_config_name"
```
