---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_codestarconnections_sync_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::SyncConfiguration resource which is used to enables an AWS resource to be synchronized from a source-provider.
---

# awscc_codestarconnections_sync_configuration (Resource)

Schema for AWS::CodeStarConnections::SyncConfiguration resource which is used to enables an AWS resource to be synchronized from a source-provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) The name of the branch of the repository from which resources are to be synchronized,
- `config_file` (String) The source provider repository path of the sync configuration file of the respective SyncType.
- `repository_link_id` (String) A UUID that uniquely identifies the RepositoryLink that the SyncConfig is associated with.
- `resource_name` (String) The name of the resource that is being synchronized to the repository.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM Role that allows AWS to update CloudFormation stacks based on content in the specified repository.
- `sync_type` (String) The type of resource synchronization service that is to be configured, for example, CFN_STACK_SYNC.

### Optional

- `publish_deployment_status` (String) Whether to enable or disable publishing of deployment status to source providers.
- `trigger_resource_update_on` (String) When to trigger Git sync to begin the stack update.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner_id` (String) the ID of the entity that owns the repository.
- `provider_type` (String) The name of the external provider where your third-party code repository is configured.
- `repository_name` (String) The name of the repository that is being synced to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_codestarconnections_sync_configuration.example
  id = "resource_name|sync_type"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_codestarconnections_sync_configuration.example "resource_name|sync_type"
```
