---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_computeoptimizer_automation_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an AWS Compute Optimizer automation rule that automatically implements recommended actions based on your defined criteria and schedule. Automation rules are global resources that manage automated actions across all AWS Regions where Compute Optimizer Automation is available. Organization-level rules can only be created by the management account or delegated administrator.
---

# awscc_computeoptimizer_automation_rule (Resource)

Creates an AWS Compute Optimizer automation rule that automatically implements recommended actions based on your defined criteria and schedule. Automation rules are global resources that manage automated actions across all AWS Regions where Compute Optimizer Automation is available. Organization-level rules can only be created by the management account or delegated administrator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the automation rule.
- `recommended_action_types` (List of String) The types of recommended actions this rule will implement.
- `rule_type` (String) The type of automation rule.
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule configuration for when the rule runs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `status` (String) The status of the automation rule.

### Optional

- `criteria` (Attributes) Filter criteria that specify which recommended actions qualify for implementation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria))
- `description` (String) The description of the automation rule.
- `organization_configuration` (Attributes) Organization configuration for organization rules, including rule apply order and account scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organization_configuration))
- `priority` (String) Rule priority within its group
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with the automation rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The AWS account ID that owns the automation rule.
- `created_timestamp` (String) The timestamp when the automation rule was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_timestamp` (String) The timestamp when the automation rule was last updated.
- `rule_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the automation rule.
- `rule_id` (String) The unique identifier of the automation rule.
- `rule_revision` (String) The revision number of the automation rule.

<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `execution_window_in_minutes` (Number) Execution window duration in minutes
- `schedule_expression` (String) Schedule expression (e.g., cron or rate expression)
- `schedule_expression_timezone` (String) IANA timezone identifier


<a id="nestedatt--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Optional:

- `ebs_volume_size_in_gib` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--ebs_volume_size_in_gib))
- `ebs_volume_type` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--ebs_volume_type))
- `estimated_monthly_savings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--estimated_monthly_savings))
- `look_back_period_in_days` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--look_back_period_in_days))
- `region` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--region))
- `resource_arn` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--resource_arn))
- `resource_tag` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--resource_tag))
- `restart_needed` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--criteria--restart_needed))

<a id="nestedatt--criteria--ebs_volume_size_in_gib"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.ebs_volume_size_in_gib`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--ebs_volume_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.ebs_volume_type`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--estimated_monthly_savings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.estimated_monthly_savings`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--look_back_period_in_days"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.look_back_period_in_days`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of Number)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.region`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--resource_arn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.resource_arn`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--resource_tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.resource_tag`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--criteria--restart_needed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria.restart_needed`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String)
- `values` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--organization_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organization_configuration`

Optional:

- `account_ids` (List of String) List of account IDs where the organization rule applies
- `rule_apply_order` (String) When the rule should be applied relative to account rules


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_computeoptimizer_automation_rule.example
  identity = {
    rule_arn = "rule_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `rule_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the automation rule

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_computeoptimizer_automation_rule.example
  id = "rule_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_computeoptimizer_automation_rule.example "rule_arn"
```
