---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_config_conformance_pack Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A conformance pack is a collection of AWS Config rules and remediation actions that can be easily deployed as a single entity in an account and a region or across an entire AWS Organization.
---

# awscc_config_conformance_pack (Resource)

A conformance pack is a collection of AWS Config rules and remediation actions that can be easily deployed as a single entity in an account and a region or across an entire AWS Organization.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conformance_pack_name` (String) Name of the conformance pack which will be assigned as the unique identifier.

### Optional

- `conformance_pack_input_parameters` (Attributes List) A list of ConformancePackInputParameter objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conformance_pack_input_parameters))
- `delivery_s3_bucket` (String) AWS Config stores intermediate files while processing conformance pack template.
- `delivery_s3_key_prefix` (String) The prefix for delivery S3 bucket.
- `template_body` (String) A string containing full conformance pack template body. You can only specify one of the template body or template S3Uri fields.
- `template_s3_uri` (String) Location of file containing the template body which points to the conformance pack template that is located in an Amazon S3 bucket. You can only specify one of the template body or template S3Uri fields.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--conformance_pack_input_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conformance_pack_input_parameters`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) Key part of key-value pair with value being parameter value
- `parameter_value` (String) Value part of key-value pair with key being parameter Name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_config_conformance_pack.example <resource ID>
```
