---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_config_connector Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Config::Connector
---

# awscc_config_connector (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Config::Connector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration for the connector that specifies the third-party cloud provider connection details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_configuration))

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connector.
- `created_time` (String) The time at which the connector was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the connector. AWS Config automatically assigns the name when creating the Connector.

<a id="nestedatt--connector_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_configuration`

Optional:

- `azure` (Attributes) The configuration for connecting to Microsoft Azure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connector_configuration--azure))

<a id="nestedatt--connector_configuration--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connector_configuration.azure`

Optional:

- `client_identifier` (String) The Azure client (application) identifier.
- `tenant_identifier` (String) The Azure tenant identifier.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_config_connector.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connector

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_config_connector.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_config_connector.example "arn"
```
