---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_notification Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Notification
---

# awscc_connect_notification (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Notification



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (Attributes) The content of the notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.

### Optional

- `expires_at` (String) The time a notification will expire
- `priority` (String) The priority of the notification.
- `recipients` (Set of String) The recipients of the notification.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the notification.
- `created_at` (String) The time a notification was created
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `notification_id` (String) The identifier of the notification.

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Optional:

- `de_de` (String) Localized notification content
- `en_us` (String) Localized notification content
- `es_es` (String) Localized notification content
- `fr_fr` (String) Localized notification content
- `id_id` (String) Localized notification content
- `it_it` (String) Localized notification content
- `ja_jp` (String) Localized notification content
- `ko_kr` (String) Localized notification content
- `pt_br` (String) Localized notification content
- `zh_cn` (String) Localized notification content
- `zh_tw` (String) Localized notification content


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_notification.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the notification

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_notification.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_notification.example "arn"
```
