---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_test_case Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::TestCase
---

# awscc_connect_test_case (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::TestCase



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (String) The content of the test case.
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the test case.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the test case.
- `entry_point` (Attributes) Entry point for Testcase. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entry_point))
- `initialization_data` (String) The initialization data of the test case.
- `status` (String) The status of the test case.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_region` (String) Last modified region.
- `last_modified_time` (Number) Last modified time.
- `test_case_arn` (String) The identifier of the test case.

<a id="nestedatt--entry_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entry_point`

Optional:

- `chat_entry_point_parameters` (Attributes) The chat entry point parameters for the test case (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entry_point--chat_entry_point_parameters))
- `type` (String) The type of the Entry Point
- `voice_call_entry_point_parameters` (Attributes) The voice call entry point parameters for the test case (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entry_point--voice_call_entry_point_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--entry_point--chat_entry_point_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entry_point.chat_entry_point_parameters`

Optional:

- `flow_id` (String) The flow id used for the TestCase


<a id="nestedatt--entry_point--voice_call_entry_point_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entry_point.voice_call_entry_point_parameters`

Optional:

- `destination_phone_number` (String) The destination phonenumber of the EntryPoint
- `flow_id` (String) The flow id used for the TestCase
- `source_phone_number` (String) The source phonenumber of the EntryPoint



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_test_case.example
  identity = {
    test_case_arn = "test_case_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `test_case_arn` (String) The identifier of the test case

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_test_case.example
  id = "test_case_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_test_case.example "test_case_arn"
```
