---
page_title: "awscc_connect_quick_connect Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::QuickConnect
---

# awscc_connect_quick_connect (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::QuickConnect

## Example Usage

### Example with quick connect type of PHONE_NUMBER. The contact flow type should be CONTACT_FLOW.

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_quick_connect" "example" {
  instance_arn = awscc_connect_instance.example.arn
  name         = "example"
  description  = "example for phone connect type"
  quick_connect_config = {
    quick_connect_type = "PHONE_NUMBER"
    phone_config = {
      phone_number = "+12345678912"
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### Example with quick connect type of QUEUE. The contact flow type should be QUEUE_TRANSFER.

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_quick_connect" "example" {
  instance_arn = awscc_connect_instance.example.arn
  name         = "example"
  description  = "example for queue connect type"
  quick_connect_config = {
    quick_connect_type = "QUEUE"
    queue_config = {
      contact_flow_arn = awscc_connect_contact_flow.example.contact_flow_arn
      queue_arn        = awscc_connect_queue.example.queue_arn
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the quick connect.
- `quick_connect_config` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the quick connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the quick connect.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `quick_connect_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the quick connect.
- `quick_connect_type` (String) The type of quick connect. In the Amazon Connect console, when you create a quick connect, you are prompted to assign one of the following types: Agent (USER), External (PHONE_NUMBER), or Queue (QUEUE).

<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config`

Required:

- `quick_connect_type` (String) The type of quick connect. In the Amazon Connect console, when you create a quick connect, you are prompted to assign one of the following types: Agent (USER), External (PHONE_NUMBER), or Queue (QUEUE).

Optional:

- `phone_config` (Attributes) The phone configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is PHONE_NUMBER. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--phone_config))
- `queue_config` (Attributes) The queue configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is QUEUE. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--queue_config))
- `user_config` (Attributes) The user configuration. This is required only if QuickConnectType is USER. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quick_connect_config--user_config))

<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--phone_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.phone_config`

Optional:

- `phone_number` (String) The phone number in E.164 format.


<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--queue_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.queue_config`

Optional:

- `contact_flow_arn` (String) The identifier of the contact flow.
- `queue_arn` (String) The identifier for the queue.


<a id="nestedatt--quick_connect_config--user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quick_connect_config.user_config`

Optional:

- `contact_flow_arn` (String) The identifier of the contact flow.
- `user_arn` (String) The identifier of the user.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_quick_connect.example "quick_connect_arn"
```