---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_user Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::User
---

# awscc_connect_user (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::User



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `phone_config` (Attributes) The phone settings for the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone_config))
- `routing_profile_arn` (String) The identifier of the routing profile for the user.
- `security_profile_arns` (Set of String) One or more security profile arns for the user
- `username` (String) The user name for the account.

### Optional

- `directory_user_id` (String) The identifier of the user account in the directory used for identity management.
- `hierarchy_group_arn` (String) The identifier of the hierarchy group for the user.
- `identity_info` (Attributes) The information about the identity of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_info))
- `password` (String) The password for the user account. A password is required if you are using Amazon Connect for identity management. Otherwise, it is an error to include a password.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_proficiencies` (Attributes List) One or more predefined attributes assigned to a user, with a level that indicates how skilled they are. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_proficiencies))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `user_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the user.

<a id="nestedatt--phone_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone_config`

Required:

- `phone_type` (String) The phone type.

Optional:

- `after_contact_work_time_limit` (Number) The After Call Work (ACW) timeout setting, in seconds.
- `auto_accept` (Boolean) The Auto accept setting.
- `desk_phone_number` (String) The phone number for the user's desk phone.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_info`

Optional:

- `email` (String) The email address. If you are using SAML for identity management and include this parameter, an error is returned.
- `first_name` (String) The first name. This is required if you are using Amazon Connect or SAML for identity management.
- `last_name` (String) The last name. This is required if you are using Amazon Connect or SAML for identity management.
- `mobile` (String) The mobile phone number.
- `secondary_email` (String) The secondary email address. If you provide a secondary email, the user receives email notifications -- other than password reset notifications -- to this email address instead of to their primary email address.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--user_proficiencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_proficiencies`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The name of user's proficiency. You must use name of predefined attribute present in the Amazon Connect instance.
- `attribute_value` (String) The value of user's proficiency. You must use value of predefined attribute present in the Amazon Connect instance.
- `level` (Number) The level of the proficiency. The valid values are 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_user.example <resource ID>
```
