---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_routing_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::RoutingProfile
---

# awscc_connect_routing_profile (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::RoutingProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_outbound_queue_arn` (String) The identifier of the default outbound queue for this routing profile.
- `description` (String) The description of the routing profile.
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `media_concurrencies` (Attributes List) The channels agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP) for this routing profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--media_concurrencies))
- `name` (String) The name of the routing profile.

### Optional

- `queue_configs` (Attributes List) The queues to associate with this routing profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_configs))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `routing_profile_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the routing profile.

<a id="nestedatt--media_concurrencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_concurrencies`

Required:

- `channel` (String) The channels that agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP).
- `concurrency` (Number) The number of contacts an agent can have on a channel simultaneously.

Optional:

- `cross_channel_behavior` (Attributes) Defines the cross-channel routing behavior that allows an agent working on a contact in one channel to be offered a contact from a different channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--media_concurrencies--cross_channel_behavior))

<a id="nestedatt--media_concurrencies--cross_channel_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `media_concurrencies.cross_channel_behavior`

Required:

- `behavior_type` (String) Specifies the other channels that can be routed to an agent handling their current channel.



<a id="nestedatt--queue_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_configs`

Required:

- `delay` (Number) The delay, in seconds, a contact should wait in the queue before they are routed to an available agent.
- `priority` (Number) The order in which contacts are to be handled for the queue.
- `queue_reference` (Attributes) Contains the channel and queue identifier for a routing profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_configs--queue_reference))

<a id="nestedatt--queue_configs--queue_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_configs.queue_reference`

Required:

- `channel` (String) The channels that agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP).
- `queue_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the queue.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_routing_profile.example <resource ID>
```
