---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connectcampaigns_campaign Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::ConnectCampaigns::Campaign Resource Type
---

# awscc_connectcampaigns_campaign (Resource)

Definition of AWS::ConnectCampaigns::Campaign Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connect_instance_arn` (String) Amazon Connect Instance Arn
- `dialer_config` (Attributes) The possible types of dialer config parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dialer_config))
- `name` (String) Amazon Connect Campaign Name
- `outbound_call_config` (Attributes) The configuration used for outbound calls. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_call_config))

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Amazon Connect Campaign Arn
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--dialer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dialer_config`

Optional:

- `agentless_dialer_config` (Attributes) Agentless Dialer config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dialer_config--agentless_dialer_config))
- `predictive_dialer_config` (Attributes) Predictive Dialer config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dialer_config--predictive_dialer_config))
- `progressive_dialer_config` (Attributes) Progressive Dialer config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dialer_config--progressive_dialer_config))

<a id="nestedatt--dialer_config--agentless_dialer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dialer_config.agentless_dialer_config`

Optional:

- `dialing_capacity` (Number) Allocates dialing capacity for this campaign between multiple active campaigns.


<a id="nestedatt--dialer_config--predictive_dialer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dialer_config.predictive_dialer_config`

Optional:

- `bandwidth_allocation` (Number) The bandwidth allocation of a queue resource.
- `dialing_capacity` (Number) Allocates dialing capacity for this campaign between multiple active campaigns.


<a id="nestedatt--dialer_config--progressive_dialer_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dialer_config.progressive_dialer_config`

Optional:

- `bandwidth_allocation` (Number) The bandwidth allocation of a queue resource.
- `dialing_capacity` (Number) Allocates dialing capacity for this campaign between multiple active campaigns.



<a id="nestedatt--outbound_call_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_call_config`

Required:

- `connect_contact_flow_arn` (String) The identifier of the contact flow for the outbound call.

Optional:

- `answer_machine_detection_config` (Attributes) The configuration used for answering machine detection during outbound calls (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_call_config--answer_machine_detection_config))
- `connect_queue_arn` (String) The queue for the call. If you specify a queue, the phone displayed for caller ID is the phone number specified in the queue. If you do not specify a queue, the queue defined in the contact flow is used. If you do not specify a queue, you must specify a source phone number.
- `connect_source_phone_number` (String) The phone number associated with the Amazon Connect instance, in E.164 format. If you do not specify a source phone number, you must specify a queue.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound_call_config--answer_machine_detection_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_call_config.answer_machine_detection_config`

Optional:

- `await_answer_machine_prompt` (Boolean) Enables detection of prompts (e.g., beep after after a voicemail greeting)
- `enable_answer_machine_detection` (Boolean) Flag to decided whether outbound calls should have answering machine detection enabled or not



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connectcampaigns_campaign.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connectcampaigns_campaign.example "arn"
```
