
---
page_title: "awscc_connect_security_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::SecurityProfile
---

# awscc_connect_security_profile (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::SecurityProfile

## Example Usage

### Connect Security Profile with Basic Agent Access

Creates an Amazon Connect security profile with basic agent and outbound call access permissions, along with the required Connect instance for demonstration purposes.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create an Amazon Connect instance first
resource "awscc_connect_instance" "example" {
  attributes = {
    inbound_calls  = true
    outbound_calls = true
  }
  identity_management_type = "CONNECT_MANAGED"
  instance_alias           = "example-security-profile-instance"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the security profile
resource "awscc_connect_security_profile" "example" {
  instance_arn          = awscc_connect_instance.example.arn
  security_profile_name = "example-security-profile"
  description           = "Example security profile created via AWSCC"

  permissions = [
    "BasicAgentAccess",
    "OutboundCallAccess"
  ]

  applications = [{
    namespace               = "Connect"
    application_permissions = ["AccessAgentApplication"]
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `security_profile_name` (String) The name of the security profile.

### Optional

- `allowed_access_control_hierarchy_group_id` (String) The identifier of the hierarchy group that a security profile uses to restrict access to resources in Amazon Connect.
- `allowed_access_control_tags` (Attributes Set) The list of tags that a security profile uses to restrict access to resources in Amazon Connect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_access_control_tags))
- `applications` (Attributes Set) A list of third-party applications that the security profile will give access to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications))
- `description` (String) The description of the security profile.
- `hierarchy_restricted_resources` (Set of String) The list of resources that a security profile applies hierarchy restrictions to in Amazon Connect.
- `permissions` (Set of String) Permissions assigned to the security profile.
- `tag_restricted_resources` (Set of String) The list of resources that a security profile applies tag restrictions to in Amazon Connect.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags used to organize, track, or control access for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_region` (String) The AWS Region where this resource was last modified.
- `last_modified_time` (Number) The timestamp when this resource was last modified.
- `security_profile_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the security profile.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_access_control_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_access_control_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications`

Optional:

- `application_permissions` (Set of String) The permissions that the agent is granted on the application
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the application that you want to give access to.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_security_profile.example
  id = "security_profile_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_security_profile.example "security_profile_arn"
```
