---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_connect_user_hierarchy_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::UserHierarchyGroup
---

# awscc_connect_user_hierarchy_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::UserHierarchyGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the user hierarchy group.

### Optional

- `parent_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the parent user hierarchy group.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) One or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `user_hierarchy_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the user hierarchy group.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is maximum of 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_user_hierarchy_group.example
  id = "user_hierarchy_group_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_user_hierarchy_group.example "user_hierarchy_group_arn"
```
