---
page_title: "awscc_connect_instance Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Instance
---

# awscc_connect_instance (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Instance

## Example Usage 

### With CONNECT_MANAGED identity management type

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_instance" "example" {
  identity_management_type = "CONNECT_MANAGED"
  attributes = {
    inbound_calls    = true
    outbound_calls   = true
    contact_lens     = true
    early_media      = true
    contactflow_logs = true
  }
  instance_alias = "example-managed"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### With SAML identity management type

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_instance" "example" {
  identity_management_type = "SAML"
  attributes = {
    inbound_calls  = true
    outbound_calls = true
  }
  instance_alias = "example-saml"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Attributes) The attributes for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes))
- `identity_management_type` (String) Specifies the type of directory integration for new instance.

### Optional

- `directory_id` (String) Existing directoryId user wants to map to the new Connect instance.
- `instance_alias` (String) Alias of the new directory created as part of new instance creation.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) An instanceArn is automatically generated on creation based on instanceId.
- `created_time` (String) Timestamp of instance creation logged as part of instance creation.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_id` (String) An instanceId is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `instance_status` (String) Specifies the creation status of new instance.
- `service_role` (String) Service linked role created as part of instance creation.

<a id="nestedatt--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `inbound_calls` (Boolean) Mandatory element which enables inbound calls on new instance.
- `outbound_calls` (Boolean) Mandatory element which enables outbound calls on new instance.

Optional:

- `auto_resolve_best_voices` (Boolean) Boolean flag which enables AUTO_RESOLVE_BEST_VOICES on an instance.
- `contact_lens` (Boolean) Boolean flag which enables CONTACT_LENS on an instance.
- `contactflow_logs` (Boolean) Boolean flag which enables CONTACTFLOW_LOGS on an instance.
- `early_media` (Boolean) Boolean flag which enables EARLY_MEDIA on an instance.
- `use_custom_tts_voices` (Boolean) Boolean flag which enables USE_CUSTOM_TTS_VOICES on an instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_instance.example "arn"
```
