---
page_title: "awscc_connect_prompt Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Prompt
---

# awscc_connect_prompt (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Prompt

## Example Usage

### Basic

Note that the AWS provider resources for [aws_connect_instance](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/connect_instance) and [aws_s3_object](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) are used.

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_prompt" "example" {
  instance_arn = aws_connect_instance.example.arn
  name         = "example.wav"
  description  = "example prompt"
  s3_uri       = "s3://${aws_s3_object.example.bucket}/${aws_s3_object.example.key}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the prompt.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the prompt.
- `s3_uri` (String) S3 URI of the customer's audio file for creating prompts resource..
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `prompt_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the prompt.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_prompt.example "prompt_arn"
```