---
page_title: "awscc_connect_queue Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Queue
---

# awscc_connect_queue (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Connect::Queue

### Example with outbound caller config specified

```terraform
resource "awscc_connect_queue" "example" {
  instance_arn           = awscc_connect_instance.example.arn
  name                   = "example"
  description            = "Example Description"
  hours_of_operation_arn = awscc_connect_hours_of_operation.example.hours_of_operation_arn
  status                 = "ENABLED"
  max_contacts           = 10
  outbound_caller_config = {
    outbound_caller_id_name       = "outbound"
    outbound_caller_id_number_arn = awscc_connect_phone_number.example.phone_number_arn
    outbound_flow_arn             = awscc_connect_contact_flow.example.contact_flow_arn
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hours_of_operation_arn` (String) The identifier for the hours of operation.
- `instance_arn` (String) The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the queue.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the queue.
- `max_contacts` (Number) The maximum number of contacts that can be in the queue before it is considered full.
- `outbound_caller_config` (Attributes) The outbound caller ID name, number, and outbound whisper flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_caller_config))
- `outbound_email_config` (Attributes) The outbound email address ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound_email_config))
- `quick_connect_arns` (List of String) The quick connects available to agents who are working the queue.
- `status` (String) The status of the queue.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `queue_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the queue.
- `type` (String) The type of queue.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound_caller_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_caller_config`

Optional:

- `outbound_caller_id_name` (String) The caller ID name.
- `outbound_caller_id_number_arn` (String) The caller ID number.
- `outbound_flow_arn` (String) The outbound whisper flow to be used during an outbound call.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound_email_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound_email_config`

Optional:

- `outbound_email_address_id` (String) The email address connect resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_connect_queue.example
  id = "queue_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_connect_queue.example "queue_arn"
```