---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_calculated_attribute_definition Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A calculated attribute definition for Customer Profiles
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_calculated_attribute_definition (Resource)

A calculated attribute definition for Customer Profiles



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attribute_details` (Attributes) Mathematical expression and a list of attribute items specified in that expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_details))
- `calculated_attribute_name` (String) The unique name of the calculated attribute.
- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `statistic` (String) The aggregation operation to perform for the calculated attribute.

### Optional

- `conditions` (Attributes) The conditions including range, object count, and threshold for the calculated attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `description` (String) The description of the calculated attribute.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the calculated attribute.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `use_historical_data` (Boolean) Whether to use historical data for the calculated attribute.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the calculated attribute definition was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the calculated attribute definition was most recently edited.
- `readiness` (Attributes) The readiness status of the calculated attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--readiness))
- `status` (String) The status of the calculated attribute definition.

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_details`

Required:

- `attributes` (Attributes Set) A list of attribute items specified in the mathematical expression. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_details--attributes))
- `expression` (String) Mathematical expression that is performed on attribute items provided in the attribute list. Each element in the expression should follow the structure of "{ObjectTypeName.AttributeName}".

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_details--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_details.attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of an attribute defined in a profile object type.



<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `object_count` (Number) The number of profile objects used for the calculated attribute.
- `range` (Attributes) The relative time period over which data is included in the aggregation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--range))
- `threshold` (Attributes) The threshold for the calculated attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--threshold))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.range`

Optional:

- `timestamp_format` (String) The format the timestamp field in your JSON object is specified. This value should be one of EPOCHMILLI or ISO_8601. E.g. if your object type is MyType and source JSON is {"generatedAt": {"timestamp": "2001-07-04T12:08:56.235Z"}}, then TimestampFormat should be "ISO_8601".
- `timestamp_source` (String) An expression specifying the field in your JSON object from which the date should be parsed. The expression should follow the structure of \"{ObjectTypeName.<Location of timestamp field in JSON pointer format>}\". E.g. if your object type is MyType and source JSON is {"generatedAt": {"timestamp": "1737587945945"}}, then TimestampSource should be "{MyType.generatedAt.timestamp}".
- `unit` (String) The unit of time.
- `value` (Number) The amount of time of the specified unit.
- `value_range` (Attributes) A structure specifying the endpoints of the relative time period over which data is included in the aggregation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--range--value_range))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--range--value_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.range.value_range`

Optional:

- `end` (Number) The ending point for this range. Positive numbers indicate how many days in the past data should be included, and negative numbers indicate how many days in the future.
- `start` (Number) The starting point for this range. Positive numbers indicate how many days in the past data should be included, and negative numbers indicate how many days in the future.



<a id="nestedatt--conditions--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.threshold`

Optional:

- `operator` (String) The operator of the threshold.
- `value` (String) The value of the threshold.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--readiness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `readiness`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) Any information pertaining to the status of the calculated attribute if required.
- `progress_percentage` (Number) The progress percentage for including historical data in your calculated attribute.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_customerprofiles_calculated_attribute_definition.example "domain_name|calculated_attribute_name"
```
