---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_domain_object_type Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::CustomerProfiles::DomainObjectType
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_domain_object_type (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::CustomerProfiles::DomainObjectType



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `fields` (Attributes Map) A map of the name and ObjectType field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `object_type_name` (String) The name of the domain object type.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the domain object type.
- `encryption_key` (String) The default encryption key
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the domain object type was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the domain object type was most recently edited.

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the field.
- `feature_type` (String) The feature type of the field.
- `source` (String) The source field name.
- `target` (String) The target field name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_customerprofiles_domain_object_type.example
  identity = {
    domain_name      = "domain_name"
    object_type_name = "object_type_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain
- `object_type_name` (String) The name of the domain object type

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_customerprofiles_domain_object_type.example
  id = "domain_name|object_type_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_customerprofiles_domain_object_type.example "domain_name|object_type_name"
```
