---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_event_stream Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An Event Stream resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_event_stream (Resource)

An Event Stream resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `event_stream_name` (String) The name of the event stream.
- `uri` (String) The StreamARN of the destination to deliver profile events to. For example, arn:aws:kinesis:region:account-id:stream/stream-name

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags used to organize, track, or control access for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the export was created.
- `destination_details` (Attributes) Details regarding the Kinesis stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_details))
- `event_stream_arn` (String) A unique identifier for the event stream.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The operational state of destination stream for export.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--destination_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_details`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The status of enabling the Kinesis stream as a destination for export.
- `uri` (String) The StreamARN of the destination to deliver profile events to. For example, arn:aws:kinesis:region:account-id:stream/stream-name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_customerprofiles_event_stream.example DomainName,EventStreamName
```
