
---
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_object_type Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An ObjectType resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_object_type (Resource)

An ObjectType resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles

## Example Usage

### Configure Customer Profiles Object Type with Fields and Keys

Create a Customer Profiles object type with defined fields (FirstName, LastName, EmailAddress) and a unique key configuration, allowing profile creation and setting expiration to 365 days.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create Customer Profiles Domain
resource "awscc_customerprofiles_domain" "example" {
  domain_name = "example-domain"

  default_expiration_days = 365

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create Customer Profiles Object Type
resource "awscc_customerprofiles_object_type" "example" {
  domain_name      = awscc_customerprofiles_domain.example.domain_name
  object_type_name = "example-object-type"
  description      = "Example Customer Profiles Object Type"

  allow_profile_creation = true
  expiration_days        = 365

  # Define fields for the object type
  fields = [
    {
      name = "FirstName"
      object_type_field = {
        content_type = "STRING"
        source       = "_source.FirstName"
        target       = "_profile.FirstName"
      }
    },
    {
      name = "LastName"
      object_type_field = {
        content_type = "STRING"
        source       = "_source.LastName"
        target       = "_profile.LastName"
      }
    },
    {
      name = "EmailAddress"
      object_type_field = {
        content_type = "EMAIL_ADDRESS"
        source       = "_source.EmailAddress"
        target       = "_profile.EmailAddress"
      }
    }
  ]

  # Define keys for the object type
  keys = [
    {
      name = "email"
      object_type_key_list = [
        {
          field_names          = ["EmailAddress"]
          standard_identifiers = ["PROFILE", "UNIQUE"]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of the profile object type.
- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `object_type_name` (String) The name of the profile object type.

### Optional

- `allow_profile_creation` (Boolean) Indicates whether a profile should be created when data is received.
- `encryption_key` (String) The default encryption key
- `expiration_days` (Number) The default number of days until the data within the domain expires.
- `fields` (Attributes List) A list of the name and ObjectType field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `keys` (Attributes List) A list of unique keys that can be used to map data to the profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))
- `max_profile_object_count` (Number) The maximum number of profile objects for this object type
- `source_last_updated_timestamp_format` (String) The format of your sourceLastUpdatedTimestamp that was previously set up.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `template_id` (String) A unique identifier for the object template.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time of this integration got created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The time of this integration got last updated at.
- `max_available_profile_object_count` (Number) The maximum available number of profile objects

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `object_type_field` (Attributes) Represents a field in a ProfileObjectType. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--object_type_field))

<a id="nestedatt--fields--object_type_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.object_type_field`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the field. Used for determining equality when searching.
- `source` (String) A field of a ProfileObject. For example: _source.FirstName, where "_source" is a ProfileObjectType of a Zendesk user and "FirstName" is a field in that ObjectType.
- `target` (String) The location of the data in the standard ProfileObject model. For example: _profile.Address.PostalCode.



<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `object_type_key_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--object_type_key_list))

<a id="nestedatt--keys--object_type_key_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.object_type_key_list`

Optional:

- `field_names` (List of String) The reference for the key name of the fields map.
- `standard_identifiers` (List of String) The types of keys that a ProfileObject can have. Each ProfileObject can have only 1 UNIQUE key but multiple PROFILE keys. PROFILE means that this key can be used to tie an object to a PROFILE. UNIQUE means that it can be used to uniquely identify an object. If a key a is marked as SECONDARY, it will be used to search for profiles after all other PROFILE keys have been searched. A LOOKUP_ONLY key is only used to match a profile but is not persisted to be used for searching of the profile. A NEW_ONLY key is only used if the profile does not already exist before the object is ingested, otherwise it is only used for matching objects to profiles.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_customerprofiles_object_type.example "domain_name|object_type_name"
```
