---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_customerprofiles_event_trigger Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An event trigger resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles
---

# awscc_customerprofiles_event_trigger (Resource)

An event trigger resource of Amazon Connect Customer Profiles



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The unique name of the domain.
- `event_trigger_conditions` (Attributes List) A list of conditions that determine when an event should trigger the destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions))
- `event_trigger_name` (String) The unique name of the event trigger.
- `object_type_name` (String) The unique name of the object type.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the event trigger.
- `event_trigger_limits` (Attributes) Defines limits controlling whether an event triggers the destination, based on ingestion latency and the number of invocations per profile over specific time periods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_trigger_limits))
- `segment_filter` (String) The destination is triggered only for profiles that meet the criteria of a segment definition.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the event trigger was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the event trigger was most recently updated.

<a id="nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_trigger_conditions`

Required:

- `event_trigger_dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to be evaluated for the event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions--event_trigger_dimensions))
- `logical_operator` (String) The operator used to combine multiple dimensions.

<a id="nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions--event_trigger_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_trigger_conditions.event_trigger_dimensions`

Required:

- `object_attributes` (Attributes List) A list of object attributes to be evaluated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions--event_trigger_dimensions--object_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--event_trigger_conditions--event_trigger_dimensions--object_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_trigger_conditions.event_trigger_dimensions.object_attributes`

Required:

- `comparison_operator` (String) The operator used to compare an attribute against a list of values.
- `values` (List of String) A list of attribute values used for comparison.

Optional:

- `field_name` (String) A field defined within an object type.
- `source` (String) An attribute contained within a source object.




<a id="nestedatt--event_trigger_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_trigger_limits`

Optional:

- `event_expiration` (Number) Specifies that an event will only trigger the destination if it is processed within a certain latency period.
- `periods` (Attributes List) A list of time periods during which the limits apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_trigger_limits--periods))

<a id="nestedatt--event_trigger_limits--periods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_trigger_limits.periods`

Optional:

- `max_invocations_per_profile` (Number) The maximum allowed number of destination invocations per profile.
- `unit` (String) The unit of time.
- `unlimited` (Boolean) If set to true, there is no limit on the number of destination invocations per profile. The default is false.
- `value` (Number) The amount of time of the specified unit.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_customerprofiles_event_trigger.example
  id = "domain_name|event_trigger_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_customerprofiles_event_trigger.example "domain_name|event_trigger_name"
```
