---
page_title: "awscc_datazone_environment_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS Datazone Environment Profile is pre-configured set of resources and blueprints that provide reusable templates for creating environments.
---

# awscc_datazone_environment_profile (Resource)

AWS Datazone Environment Profile is pre-configured set of resources and blueprints that provide reusable templates for creating environments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_datazone_environment_profile" "example" {
  name                             = "example"
  description                      = "Example environment profile"
  aws_account_id                   = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  aws_account_region               = "us-east-1"
  domain_identifier                = awscc_datazone_domain.example.domain_id
  environment_blueprint_identifier = awscc_datazone_environment_blueprint_configuration.example.environment_blueprint_id
  project_identifier               = awscc_datazone_project.example.project_id
}

data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account in which the Amazon DataZone environment is created.
- `aws_account_region` (String) The AWS region in which this environment profile is created.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this environment profile is created.
- `environment_blueprint_identifier` (String) The ID of the blueprint with which this environment profile is created.
- `name` (String) The name of this Amazon DataZone environment profile.
- `project_identifier` (String) The identifier of the project in which to create the environment profile.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of this Amazon DataZone environment profile.
- `user_parameters` (Attributes List) The user parameters of this Amazon DataZone environment profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when this environment profile was created.
- `created_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who created this environment profile.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this environment profile is created.
- `environment_blueprint_id` (String) The ID of the blueprint with which this environment profile is created.
- `environment_profile_id` (String) The ID of this Amazon DataZone environment profile.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `project_id` (String) The identifier of the project in which to create the environment profile.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when this environment profile was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of an environment profile parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of an environment profile parameter.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_environment_profile.example "domain_id|id"
```