---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_nfs Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationNFS
---

# awscc_datasync_location_nfs (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationNFS



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `on_prem_config` (Attributes) Contains a list of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of agents that are used to connect an NFS server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--on_prem_config))

### Optional

- `mount_options` (Attributes) The NFS mount options that DataSync can use to mount your NFS share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mount_options))
- `server_hostname` (String) The name of the NFS server. This value is the IP address or DNS name of the NFS server.
- `subdirectory` (String) The subdirectory in the NFS file system that is used to read data from the NFS source location or write data to the NFS destination.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the NFS location.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the NFS location that was described.

<a id="nestedatt--on_prem_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `on_prem_config`

Required:

- `agent_arns` (List of String) ARN(s) of the agent(s) to use for an NFS location.


<a id="nestedatt--mount_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mount_options`

Optional:

- `version` (String) The specific NFS version that you want DataSync to use to mount your NFS share.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_datasync_location_nfs.example
  id = "location_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datasync_location_nfs.example "location_arn"
```
