---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_azure_blob Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationAzureBlob.
---

# awscc_datasync_location_azure_blob (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationAzureBlob.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agent_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of agents to use for an Azure Blob Location.

### Optional

- `azure_access_tier` (String) Specifies an access tier for the objects you're transferring into your Azure Blob Storage container.
- `azure_blob_authentication_type` (String) The specific authentication type that you want DataSync to use to access your Azure Blob Container.
- `azure_blob_container_url` (String) The URL of the Azure Blob container that was described.
- `azure_blob_sas_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies the shared access signature (SAS) that DataSync uses to access your Azure Blob Storage container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_blob_sas_configuration))
- `azure_blob_type` (String) Specifies a blob type for the objects you're transferring into your Azure Blob Storage container.
- `subdirectory` (String) The subdirectory in the Azure Blob Container that is used to read data from the Azure Blob Source Location.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Azure Blob Location that is created.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the Azure Blob Location that was described.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_blob_sas_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_blob_sas_configuration`

Required:

- `azure_blob_sas_token` (String) Specifies the shared access signature (SAS) token, which indicates the permissions DataSync needs to access your Azure Blob Storage container.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datasync_location_azure_blob.example <resource ID>
```
