---
page_title: "awscc_datazone_project Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Amazon DataZone projects are business use case?based groupings of people, assets (data), and tools used to simplify access to the AWS analytics.
---

# awscc_datazone_project (Resource)

Amazon DataZone projects are business use case?based groupings of people, assets (data), and tools used to simplify access to the AWS analytics.

## Example Usage

Creates an Amazon DataZone project in a domain.

```terraform
resource "awscc_datazone_project" "example" {
  domain_identifier = awscc_datazone_domain.example.id
  name              = "example"
}

resource "awscc_datazone_domain" "example" {
  name                  = "example"
  domain_execution_role = awscc_iam_role.awscc_datazone_role.arn
  description           = "Datazone domain example"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this project is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Amazon DataZone project.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Amazon DataZone project.
- `domain_unit_id` (String) The ID of the domain unit.
- `glossary_terms` (List of String) The glossary terms that can be used in this Amazon DataZone project.
- `project_profile_id` (String) The project profile ID.
- `project_profile_version` (String) The project profile version to which the project should be updated. You can only specify the following string for this parameter: latest.
- `user_parameters` (Attributes List) The user parameters of the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the project was created.
- `created_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who created the project.
- `domain_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the project was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the project was last updated.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone project.
- `project_status` (String) The status of the project.

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters`

Optional:

- `environment_configuration_name` (String)
- `environment_id` (String)
- `environment_parameters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_parameters--environment_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--user_parameters--environment_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_parameters.environment_parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_datazone_project.example
  id = "domain_id|id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_project.example "domain_id|id"
```