
---
page_title: "awscc_datazone_group_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Group profiles represent groups of Amazon DataZone users. Groups can be manually created, or mapped to Active Directory groups of enterprise customers. In Amazon DataZone, groups serve two purposes. First, a group can map to a team of users in the organizational chart, and thus reduce the administrative work of a Amazon DataZone project owner when there are new employees joining or leaving a team. Second, corporate administrators use Active Directory groups to manage and update user statuses and so Amazon DataZone domain administrators can use these group memberships to implement Amazon DataZone domain policies.
---

# awscc_datazone_group_profile (Resource)

Group profiles represent groups of Amazon DataZone users. Groups can be manually created, or mapped to Active Directory groups of enterprise customers. In Amazon DataZone, groups serve two purposes. First, a group can map to a team of users in the organizational chart, and thus reduce the administrative work of a Amazon DataZone project owner when there are new employees joining or leaving a team. Second, corporate administrators use Active Directory groups to manage and update user statuses and so Amazon DataZone domain administrators can use these group memberships to implement Amazon DataZone domain policies.

## Example Usage

### DataZone Group Profile Assignment

Creates a DataZone group profile by assigning a group to a specific domain with an ASSIGNED status.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example DataZone Group Profile
resource "awscc_datazone_group_profile" "example" {
  domain_identifier = "dzd_example123"
  group_identifier  = "example-group"
  status            = "ASSIGNED"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_identifier` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the group profile would be created.
- `group_identifier` (String) The ID of the group.

### Optional

- `status` (String) The status of the group profile.

### Read-Only

- `domain_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the group profile is created.
- `group_name` (String) The group-name of the Group Profile.
- `group_profile_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone group profile.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_datazone_group_profile.example
  id = "domain_id|id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_group_profile.example "domain_id|id"
```
