---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_form_type Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage form types in Amazon Datazone
---

# awscc_datazone_form_type (Resource)

Create and manage form types in Amazon Datazone



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this metadata form type is created.
- `model` (Attributes) The model of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--model))
- `name` (String) The name of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `owning_project_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone project that owns this metadata form type.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `status` (String) The status of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when this Amazon DataZone metadata form type was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this metadata form type is created.
- `form_type_identifier` (String) The ID of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owning_project_id` (String) The ID of the project that owns this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.
- `revision` (String) The revision of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type.

<a id="nestedatt--model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `model`

Optional:

- `smithy` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_datazone_form_type.example
  identity = {
    domain_identifier    = "domain_identifier"
    form_type_identifier = "form_type_identifier"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which this metadata form type is created
- `form_type_identifier` (String) The ID of this Amazon DataZone metadata form type

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_datazone_form_type.example
  id = "domain_identifier|form_type_identifier"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_form_type.example "domain_identifier|form_type_identifier"
```
