
---
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationFSxOpenZFS.
---

# awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DataSync::LocationFSxOpenZFS.

## Example Usage

### DataSync Location for FSx OpenZFS File System

Creates a DataSync location for an FSx OpenZFS file system using NFSv3 protocol, allowing data transfer to/from a specified subdirectory while securing access through specified security groups.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create DataSync location for FSx OpenZFS
resource "awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs" "example" {
  fsx_filesystem_arn  = "arn:aws:fsx:us-west-2:123456789012:file-system/fs-0123456789abcdef0"
  security_group_arns = ["arn:aws:ec2:us-west-2:123456789012:security-group/sg-0123456789abcdef0"]
  subdirectory        = "/fsx/example"
  protocol = {
    nfs = {
      mount_options = {
        version = "NFS3"
      }
    }
  }
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `protocol` (Attributes) Configuration settings for an NFS or SMB protocol, currently only support NFS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))
- `security_group_arns` (List of String) The ARNs of the security groups that are to use to configure the FSx OpenZFS file system.

### Optional

- `fsx_filesystem_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the FSx OpenZFS file system.
- `subdirectory` (String) A subdirectory in the location's path.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon FSx OpenZFS file system location that is created.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the FSx OpenZFS that was described.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Optional:

- `nfs` (Attributes) FSx OpenZFS file system NFS protocol information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--nfs))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--nfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.nfs`

Optional:

- `mount_options` (Attributes) The NFS mount options that DataSync can use to mount your NFS share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--nfs--mount_options))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--nfs--mount_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.nfs.mount_options`

Optional:

- `version` (String) The specific NFS version that you want DataSync to use to mount your NFS share.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datasync_location_fsx_open_zfs.example "location_arn"
```
