---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_subscription_target Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Subscription targets enables one to access the data to which you have subscribed in your projects.
---

# awscc_datazone_subscription_target (Resource)

Subscription targets enables one to access the data to which you have subscribed in your projects.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `applicable_asset_types` (List of String) The asset types that can be included in the subscription target.
- `authorized_principals` (List of String) The authorized principals of the subscription target.
- `domain_identifier` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which subscription target would be created.
- `environment_identifier` (String) The ID of the environment in which subscription target would be created.
- `manage_access_role` (String) The manage access role that is used to create the subscription target.
- `name` (String) The name of the subscription target.
- `subscription_target_config` (Attributes List) The configuration of the subscription target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscription_target_config))
- `type` (String) The type of the subscription target.

### Optional

- `provider_name` (String) The provider of the subscription target.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of when the subscription target was created.
- `created_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who created the subscription target.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone domain in which subscription target is created.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment in which subscription target is created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `project_id` (String) The identifier of the project specified in the subscription target.
- `subscription_target_id` (String) The ID of the subscription target.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp of when the subscription target was updated.
- `updated_by` (String) The Amazon DataZone user who updated the subscription target.

<a id="nestedatt--subscription_target_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscription_target_config`

Required:

- `content` (String) The content of the subscription target configuration.
- `form_name` (String) The form name included in the subscription target configuration.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_subscription_target.example DomainId,EnvironmentId,Id
```
