---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datasync_location_object_storage Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DataSync::LocationObjectStorage.
---

# awscc_datasync_location_object_storage (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DataSync::LocationObjectStorage.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) Optional. The access key is used if credentials are required to access the self-managed object storage server.
- `agent_arns` (List of String) Specifies the Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the DataSync agents that can connect with your object storage system. If you are setting up an agentless cross-cloud transfer, you do not need to specify a value for this parameter.
- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket on the self-managed object storage server.
- `cmk_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a DataSync-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location, and a customer-managed AWS KMS key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cmk_secret_config))
- `custom_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a customer-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location, and an IAM role that DataSync can assume and access the customer-managed secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_secret_config))
- `secret_key` (String) Optional. The secret key is used if credentials are required to access the self-managed object storage server.
- `server_certificate` (String) X.509 PEM content containing a certificate authority or chain to trust.
- `server_hostname` (String) The name of the self-managed object storage server. This value is the IP address or Domain Name Service (DNS) name of the object storage server.
- `server_port` (Number) The port that your self-managed server accepts inbound network traffic on.
- `server_protocol` (String) The protocol that the object storage server uses to communicate.
- `subdirectory` (String) The subdirectory in the self-managed object storage server that is used to read data from.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the location that is created.
- `location_uri` (String) The URL of the object storage location that was described.
- `managed_secret_config` (Attributes) Specifies configuration information for a DataSync-managed secret, such as an authentication token or set of credentials that DataSync uses to access a specific transfer location. DataSync uses the default AWS-managed KMS key to encrypt this secret in AWS Secrets Manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_secret_config))

<a id="nestedatt--cmk_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cmk_secret_config`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for the customer-managed AWS KMS key used to encrypt the secret specified for SecretArn. DataSync provides this key to AWS Secrets Manager.

Read-Only:

- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for an AWS Secrets Manager secret, managed by DataSync.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_secret_config`

Optional:

- `secret_access_role_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for the AWS Identity and Access Management role that DataSync uses to access the secret specified for SecretArn.
- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for a customer created AWS Secrets Manager secret.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key for an AWS resource tag.
- `value` (String) The value for an AWS resource tag.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_secret_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_secret_config`

Read-Only:

- `secret_arn` (String) Specifies the ARN for an AWS Secrets Manager secret.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datasync_location_object_storage.example "location_arn"
```
