---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_datazone_user_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A user profile represents Amazon DataZone users. Amazon DataZone supports both IAM roles and SSO identities to interact with the Amazon DataZone Management Console and the data portal for different purposes. Domain administrators use IAM roles to perform the initial administrative domain-related work in the Amazon DataZone Management Console, including creating new Amazon DataZone domains, configuring metadata form types, and implementing policies. Data workers use their SSO corporate identities via Identity Center to log into the Amazon DataZone Data Portal and access projects where they have memberships.
---

# awscc_datazone_user_profile (Resource)

A user profile represents Amazon DataZone users. Amazon DataZone supports both IAM roles and SSO identities to interact with the Amazon DataZone Management Console and the data portal for different purposes. Domain administrators use IAM roles to perform the initial administrative domain-related work in the Amazon DataZone Management Console, including creating new Amazon DataZone domains, configuring metadata form types, and implementing policies. Data workers use their SSO corporate identities via Identity Center to log into the Amazon DataZone Data Portal and access projects where they have memberships.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_identifier` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the user profile would be created.
- `user_identifier` (String) The ID of the user.

### Optional

- `status` (String) The status of the user profile.
- `user_type` (String) The type of the user.

### Read-Only

- `details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--details))
- `domain_id` (String) The identifier of the Amazon DataZone domain in which the user profile is created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of the user profile.
- `user_profile_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon DataZone user profile.

<a id="nestedatt--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Read-Only:

- `iam` (Attributes) The details of the IAM User Profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--details--iam))
- `sso` (Attributes) The details of the SSO User Profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--details--sso))

<a id="nestedatt--details--iam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.iam`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM User Profile.


<a id="nestedatt--details--sso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.sso`

Read-Only:

- `first_name` (String) The First Name of the IAM User Profile.
- `last_name` (String) The Last Name of the IAM User Profile.
- `username` (String) The username of the SSO User Profile.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_datazone_user_profile.example "domain_id|id"
```
