---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_devopsagent_private_connection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DevOpsAgent::PrivateConnection
---

# awscc_devopsagent_private_connection (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DevOpsAgent::PrivateConnection



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_configuration` (Attributes) The connection configuration for the Private Connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_configuration))
- `name` (String) Unique name for this Private Connection within the account.

### Optional

- `certificate` (String) Certificate for the Private Connection.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Private Connection.
- `certificate_expiry_time` (String) The expiry time of the certificate associated with the Private Connection.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the Private Connection.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_configuration`

Optional:

- `self_managed` (Attributes) Configuration for a self-managed Private Connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_configuration--self_managed))
- `service_managed` (Attributes) Configuration for a service-managed Private Connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_configuration--service_managed))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_configuration--self_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_configuration.self_managed`

Optional:

- `resource_configuration_id` (String) The ARN of the Resource Configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_configuration--service_managed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_configuration.service_managed`

Optional:

- `host_address` (String) IP address or DNS name of the target resource.
- `ip_address_type` (String) IP address type of the service-managed Resource Gateway.
- `ipv_4_addresses_per_eni` (Number) Number of IPv4 addresses in each ENI for the service-managed Resource Gateway.
- `port_ranges` (List of String) TCP port ranges that a consumer can use to access the resource.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) Security groups to attach to the service-managed Resource Gateway.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) Subnets that the service-managed Resource Gateway will span.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC to create the service-managed Resource Gateway in.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_devopsagent_private_connection.example
  identity = {
    name = "name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `name` (String) Unique name for this Private Connection within the account

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_devopsagent_private_connection.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_devopsagent_private_connection.example "name"
```
