---
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_connection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::Connection
---

# awscc_directconnect_connection (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::Connection

## Example Usage

### Create a Direct Connect Connection
Create a Direct Connect connection for hybrid connectivity to AWS

~> This example is generated by Amazon Bedrock and verified to work using Terraform.

```terraform
resource "awscc_directconnect_connection" "example" {
  bandwidth       = "1Gbps"
  connection_name = "example-connection"
  location        = "EqSe2-EQ"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-connection"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the connection.
- `connection_name` (String) The name of the connection.
- `location` (String) The location of the connection.

### Optional

- `lag_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the LAG to associate the connection with.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the service provider associated with the requested connection.
- `request_mac_sec` (Boolean) Indicates whether you want the connection to support MAC Security (MACsec).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `connection_arn` (String) The ARN of the connection.
- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the connection.
- `connection_state` (String) The state of the connection.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_connection.example
  identity = {
    connection_arn = "connection_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `connection_arn` (String) The ARN of the connection

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_connection.example
  id = "connection_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_directconnect_connection.example "connection_arn"
```