---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directoryservice_simple_ad Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectoryService::SimpleAD
---

# awscc_directoryservice_simple_ad (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectoryService::SimpleAD



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The fully qualified domain name for the AWS Managed Simple AD directory.
- `size` (String) The size of the directory.
- `vpc_settings` (Attributes) VPC settings of the Simple AD directory server in AWS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_settings))

### Optional

- `create_alias` (Boolean) The name of the configuration set.
- `description` (String) Description for the directory.
- `enable_sso` (Boolean) Whether to enable single sign-on for a Simple Active Directory in AWS.
- `password` (String) The password for the default administrative user named Admin.
- `short_name` (String) The NetBIOS name for your domain.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) The alias for a directory.
- `directory_id` (String) The unique identifier for a directory.
- `dns_ip_addresses` (List of String) The IP addresses of the DNS servers for the directory, such as [ "172.31.3.154", "172.31.63.203" ].
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_settings`

Required:

- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The identifiers of the subnets for the directory servers. The two subnets must be in different Availability Zones. AWS Directory Service specifies a directory server and a DNS server in each of these subnets.
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC in which to create the directory.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_directoryservice_simple_ad.example <resource ID>
```
