---
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_lag Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::Lag
---

# awscc_directconnect_lag (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::Lag

## Example Usage

### Create a Direct Connect LAG

Create a Direct Connect Link Aggregation Group (LAG) with specified bandwidth and location.

~> This example is generated by Amazon Bedrock and verified to work using Terraform.

```terraform
resource "awscc_directconnect_lag" "example" {
  lag_name              = "example-lag"
  location              = "EqSe2-EQ"
  connections_bandwidth = "10Gbps"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    },
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-lag"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connections_bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the individual physical dedicated connections bundled by the LAG.
- `lag_name` (String) The name of the LAG.
- `location` (String) The location for the LAG.

### Optional

- `minimum_links` (Number) The minimum number of physical dedicated connections that must be operational for the LAG itself to be operational.
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the service provider associated with the requested LAG.
- `request_mac_sec` (Boolean) Indicates whether you want the LAG to support MAC Security (MACsec).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the LAG. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `lag_arn` (String) The ARN of the LAG.
- `lag_id` (String) The ID of the LAG.
- `lag_state` (String) The state of the LAG.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_lag.example
  identity = {
    lag_arn = "lag_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `lag_arn` (String) The ARN of the LAG

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_lag.example
  id = "lag_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_directconnect_lag.example "lag_arn"
```
