---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGatewayAssociation
---

# awscc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway_association (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::DirectConnectGatewayAssociation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `associated_gateway_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the virtual private gateway or transit gateway.
- `direct_connect_gateway_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the Direct Connect gateway.

### Optional

- `accept_direct_connect_gateway_association_proposal_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to accept the Direct Connect Gateway association proposal. Needs directconnect:AcceptDirectConnectGatewayAssociationProposal permissions.
- `allowed_prefixes_to_direct_connect_gateway` (Set of String) The Amazon VPC prefixes to advertise to the Direct Connect gateway. This parameter is required when you create an association to a transit gateway.

### Read-Only

- `association_id` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect gateway association.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway_association.example
  identity = {
    association_id = "association_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `association_id` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect gateway association

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway_association.example
  id = "association_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_directconnect_direct_connect_gateway_association.example "association_id"
```
