---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_directconnect_public_virtual_interface Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::PublicVirtualInterface
---

# awscc_directconnect_public_virtual_interface (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::DirectConnect::PublicVirtualInterface



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bgp_peers` (Attributes Set) The BGP peers configured on this virtual interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers))
- `connection_id` (String) The ID or ARN of the connection or LAG.
- `virtual_interface_name` (String) The name of the virtual interface assigned by the customer network. The name has a maximum of 100 characters. The following are valid characters: a-z, 0-9 and a hyphen (-).
- `vlan` (Number) The ID of the VLAN.

### Optional

- `allocate_public_virtual_interface_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to allocate the public virtual interface. Needs directconnect:AllocatePublicVirtualInterface permissions and tag permissions if applicable.
- `route_filter_prefixes` (Set of String) The routes to be advertised to the AWS network in this region.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with the public virtual interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `virtual_interface_arn` (String) The ARN of the virtual interface.
- `virtual_interface_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers`

Required:

- `address_family` (String) The address family for the BGP peer.
- `asn` (String) The autonomous system (AS) number for Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) configuration.

Optional:

- `amazon_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the Amazon interface.
- `auth_key` (String) The authentication key for BGP configuration. This string has a minimum length of 6 characters and and a maximum length of 80 characters.
- `bgp_peer_id` (String)
- `customer_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the customer interface.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_public_virtual_interface.example
  identity = {
    virtual_interface_arn = "virtual_interface_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `virtual_interface_arn` (String) The ARN of the virtual interface

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_directconnect_public_virtual_interface.example
  id = "virtual_interface_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_directconnect_public_virtual_interface.example "virtual_interface_arn"
```
