
---
page_title: "awscc_dms_data_migration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DMS::DataMigration.
---

# awscc_dms_data_migration (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DMS::DataMigration.

## Example Usage

### DMS Data Migration Task Configuration

Creates a Database Migration Service (DMS) task that performs full-load migration between source and target endpoints with specific table mappings for the "test" schema.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a new DMS migration task
resource "awscc_dms_data_migration_task" "example" {
  replication_task_identifier = "test-dms-task"
  source_endpoint_arn         = "arn:aws:dms:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"
  target_endpoint_arn         = "arn:aws:dms:us-west-2:123456789012:endpoint:ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA"
  replication_instance_arn    = "arn:aws:dms:us-west-2:123456789012:rep:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"
  migration_type              = "full-load"
  table_mappings = jsonencode({
    rules = [
      {
        rule-type = "selection"
        rule-id   = "1"
        rule-name = "1"
        object-locator = {
          schema-name = "test"
          table-name  = "test"
        }
        rule-action = "include"
      }
    ]
  })

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Production"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_migration_type` (String) The property describes the type of migration.
- `migration_project_identifier` (String) The property describes an identifier for the migration project. It is used for describing/deleting/modifying can be name/arn
- `service_access_role_arn` (String) The property describes Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service access role.

### Optional

- `data_migration_identifier` (String) The property describes an ARN of the data migration.
- `data_migration_name` (String) The property describes a name to identify the data migration.
- `data_migration_settings` (Attributes) The property describes the settings for the data migration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_migration_settings))
- `source_data_settings` (Attributes Set) The property describes the settings for the data migration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_data_settings))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `data_migration_arn` (String) The property describes an ARN of the data migration.
- `data_migration_create_time` (String) The property describes the create time of the data migration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--data_migration_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_migration_settings`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs_enabled` (Boolean) The property specifies whether to enable the Cloudwatch log.
- `number_of_jobs` (Number) The number of parallel jobs that trigger parallel threads to unload the tables from the source, and then load them to the target.
- `selection_rules` (String) The property specifies the rules of selecting objects for data migration.


<a id="nestedatt--source_data_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_data_settings`

Optional:

- `cdc_start_position` (String) The property is a point in the database engine's log that defines a time where you can begin CDC.
- `cdc_start_time` (String) The property indicates the start time for a change data capture (CDC) operation. The value is server time in UTC format.
- `cdc_stop_time` (String) The property indicates the stop time for a change data capture (CDC) operation. The value is server time in UTC format.
- `slot_name` (String) The property sets the name of a previously created logical replication slot for a change data capture (CDC) load of the source instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_dms_data_migration.example
  id = "data_migration_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_dms_data_migration.example "data_migration_arn"
```
