---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_dms_migration_project Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DMS::MigrationProject
---

# awscc_dms_migration_project (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DMS::MigrationProject



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The optional description of the migration project.
- `instance_profile_arn` (String) The property describes an instance profile arn for the migration project. For read
- `instance_profile_identifier` (String) The property describes an instance profile identifier for the migration project. For create
- `instance_profile_name` (String) The property describes an instance profile name for the migration project. For read
- `migration_project_creation_time` (String) The property describes a creating time of the migration project.
- `migration_project_identifier` (String) The property describes an identifier for the migration project. It is used for describing/deleting/modifying can be name/arn
- `migration_project_name` (String) The property describes a name to identify the migration project.
- `schema_conversion_application_attributes` (Attributes) The property describes schema conversion application attributes for the migration project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_conversion_application_attributes))
- `source_data_provider_descriptors` (Attributes Set) The property describes source data provider descriptors for the migration project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_data_provider_descriptors))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_data_provider_descriptors` (Attributes Set) The property describes target data provider descriptors for the migration project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_data_provider_descriptors))
- `transformation_rules` (String) The property describes transformation rules for the migration project.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `migration_project_arn` (String) The property describes an ARN of the migration project.

<a id="nestedatt--schema_conversion_application_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_conversion_application_attributes`

Optional:

- `s3_bucket_path` (String)
- `s3_bucket_role_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--source_data_provider_descriptors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_data_provider_descriptors`

Optional:

- `data_provider_arn` (String)
- `data_provider_identifier` (String)
- `data_provider_name` (String)
- `secrets_manager_access_role_arn` (String)
- `secrets_manager_secret_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, , and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, , and -.


<a id="nestedatt--target_data_provider_descriptors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_data_provider_descriptors`

Optional:

- `data_provider_arn` (String)
- `data_provider_identifier` (String)
- `data_provider_name` (String)
- `secrets_manager_access_role_arn` (String)
- `secrets_manager_secret_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_dms_migration_project.example "migration_project_arn"
```
