---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_dms_data_provider Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DMS::DataProvider
---

# awscc_dms_data_provider (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DMS::DataProvider



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `engine` (String) The property describes a data engine for the data provider.

### Optional

- `data_provider_identifier` (String) The property describes an identifier for the data provider. It is used for describing/deleting/modifying can be name/arn
- `data_provider_name` (String) The property describes a name to identify the data provider.
- `description` (String) The optional description of the data provider.
- `exact_settings` (Boolean) The property describes the exact settings which can be modified
- `settings` (String) The property identifies the exact type of settings for the data provider.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `data_provider_arn` (String) The data provider ARN.
- `data_provider_creation_time` (String) The data provider creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_dms_data_provider.example <resource ID>
```
