---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_dms_instance_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::DMS::InstanceProfile.
---

# awscc_dms_instance_profile (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::DMS::InstanceProfile.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The property describes an availability zone of the instance profile.
- `description` (String) The optional description of the instance profile.
- `instance_profile_identifier` (String) The property describes an identifier for the instance profile. It is used for describing/deleting/modifying. Can be name/arn
- `instance_profile_name` (String) The property describes a name for the instance profile.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The property describes kms key arn for the instance profile.
- `network_type` (String) The property describes a network type for the instance profile.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) The property describes the publicly accessible of the instance profile
- `subnet_group_identifier` (String) The property describes a subnet group identifier for the instance profile.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_security_groups` (Set of String) The property describes vps security groups for the instance profile.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_profile_arn` (String) The property describes an ARN of the instance profile.
- `instance_profile_creation_time` (String) The property describes a creating time of the instance profile.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_dms_instance_profile.example <resource ID>
```
