---
page_title: "awscc_docdb_global_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::DocDB::GlobalCluster resource represents an Amazon DocumentDB Global Cluster.
---

# awscc_docdb_global_cluster (Resource)

The AWS::DocDB::GlobalCluster resource represents an Amazon DocumentDB Global Cluster.

## Example Usage

### Create a DocumentDB Global Cluster

Create a DocumentDB Global Cluster with encryption and tags.

```terraform
resource "awscc_docdb_global_cluster" "example" {
  global_cluster_identifier = "example-docdb-global-cluster"
  engine                    = "docdb"
  engine_version            = "5.0.0"
  storage_encrypted         = true
  deletion_protection       = false

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-docdb-global-cluster"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global cluster.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Indicates whether the global cluster has deletion protection enabled. The global cluster can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The database engine to use for this global cluster.
- `engine_version` (String) The engine version to use for this global cluster.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use as the primary cluster of the global cluster. You may also choose to instead specify the DBClusterIdentifier. If you provide a value for this parameter, don't specify values for the following settings because Amazon DocumentDB uses the values from the specified source DB cluster: Engine, EngineVersion, StorageEncrypted
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates whether the global cluster has storage encryption enabled.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags to be assigned to the Amazon DocumentDB resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `global_cluster_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the global cluster.
- `global_cluster_resource_id` (String) The AWS Region-unique, immutable identifier for the global database cluster. This identifier is found in AWS CloudTrail log entries whenever the AWS KMS key for the DB cluster is accessed.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_docdb_global_cluster.example
  identity = {
    global_cluster_identifier = "global_cluster_identifier"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global cluster

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_docdb_global_cluster.example
  id = "global_cluster_identifier"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_docdb_global_cluster.example "global_cluster_identifier"
```
