---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_peering_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayPeeringAttachment type
---

# awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_peering_attachment (Resource)

The AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayPeeringAttachment type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `peer_account_id` (String) The ID of the peer account
- `peer_region` (String) Peer Region
- `peer_transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the peer transit gateway.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the transit gateway peering attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time the transit gateway peering attachment was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The state of the transit gateway peering attachment. Note that the initiating state has been deprecated.
- `status` (Attributes) The status of the transit gateway peering attachment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway peering attachment.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with aws:.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 255 Unicode characters.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The status code.
- `message` (String) The status message, if applicable.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_peering_attachment.example "transit_gateway_attachment_id"
```
