
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_exclusion Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCBlockPublicAccessExclusion.
---

# awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_exclusion (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCBlockPublicAccessExclusion.

## Example Usage

### VPC Block Public Access Exclusion Configuration

Creates a VPC Block Public Access Exclusion that allows bidirectional internet gateway access for a specified VPC, enabling controlled exceptions to VPC block public access settings.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a VPC for testing
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "example-vpc"
    }, {
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create VPC Block Public Access Exclusion
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_exclusion" "example" {
  vpc_id                          = awscc_ec2_vpc.example.id
  internet_gateway_exclusion_mode = "allow-bidirectional"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "example-vpc-bpa-exclusion"
    }, {
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `internet_gateway_exclusion_mode` (String) The desired Block Public Access Exclusion Mode for a specific VPC/Subnet.

### Optional

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet. Required only if you don't specify VpcId
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the vpc. Required only if you don't specify SubnetId.

### Read-Only

- `exclusion_id` (String) The ID of the exclusion
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_exclusion.example
  id = "exclusion_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_exclusion.example "exclusion_id"
```
