---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolverTarget
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::IPAMPrefixListResolverTarget



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_id` (String) The Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver associated with this Target.
- `prefix_list_id` (String) The Id of the Managed Prefix List.
- `prefix_list_region` (String) The region that the Managed Prefix List is located in.
- `track_latest_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether this Target automatically tracks the latest version of the Prefix List Resolver.

### Optional

- `desired_version` (Number) The desired version of the Prefix List Resolver that this Target should synchronize with.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_arn` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver Target.
- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver Target.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target.example
  identity = {
    ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id = "ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Prefix List Resolver Target

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target.example
  id = "ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target.example "ipam_prefix_list_resolver_target_id"
```
