---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMResourceDiscoveryAssociation Type
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery_association (Resource)

Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMResourceDiscoveryAssociation Type

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery_association" "example" {
  ipam_id                    = awscc_ec2_ipam.example.id
  ipam_resource_discovery_id = awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipam_id` (String) The Id of the IPAM this Resource Discovery is associated to.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM Resource Discovery Association.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_arn` (String) Arn of the IPAM.
- `ipam_region` (String) The home region of the IPAM.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_association_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource discovery association is a part of.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_association_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Resource Discovery Association.
- `is_default` (Boolean) If the Resource Discovery Association exists due as part of CreateIpam.
- `owner_id` (String) The AWS Account ID for the account where the shared IPAM exists.
- `resource_discovery_status` (String) The status of the resource discovery.
- `state` (String) The operational state of the Resource Discovery Association. Related to Create/Delete activities.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery_association.example "ipam_resource_discovery_association_id"
```