---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::InstanceConnectEndpoint
---

# awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::InstanceConnectEndpoint

## Example Usage

### EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint with VPC, subnet, and security group configuration for secure SSH access

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# AWS EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint Configuration

# VPC and subnet for the example
resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
  tags = {
    Name        = "example-vpc"
    Environment = "example"
  }
}

resource "aws_subnet" "example" {
  vpc_id            = aws_vpc.example.id
  cidr_block        = "10.0.1.0/24"
  availability_zone = "us-west-2a"
  tags = {
    Name        = "example-subnet"
    Environment = "example"
  }
}

# Security group for the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
resource "aws_security_group" "example" {
  name        = "example-eice-sg"
  description = "Security group for EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint"
  vpc_id      = aws_vpc.example.id

  # Allow SSH traffic from the endpoint
  ingress {
    from_port   = 22
    to_port     = 22
    protocol    = "tcp"
    cidr_blocks = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
    description = "Allow SSH access"
  }

  egress {
    from_port   = 0
    to_port     = 0
    protocol    = "-1"
    cidr_blocks = ["0.0.0.0/0"]
    description = "Allow all outbound traffic"
  }

  tags = {
    Name        = "example-eice-sg"
    Environment = "example"
  }
}

# EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
resource "awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint" "example" {
  subnet_id          = aws_subnet.example.id
  security_group_ids = [aws_security_group.example.id]
  preserve_client_ip = false

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-endpoint"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet in which the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created.

### Optional

- `client_token` (String) The client token of the instance connect endpoint.
- `preserve_client_ip` (Boolean) Indicates whether your client's IP address is preserved as the source when you connect to a resource.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The security groups associated with the endpoint.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The ID of the Availability Zone of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_connect_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `instance_connect_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) The ID of the elastic network interface that Amazon EC2 automatically created when creating the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account that created the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `public_dns_names` (Attributes) The public DNS names of the endpoint (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names))
- `state` (String) The current state of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
- `state_message` (String) The message for the current state of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. Can include a failure message
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC in which the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint was created

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names`

Read-Only:

- `dualstack` (Attributes) The dualstack DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. A dualstack DNS name supports connections from both IPv4 and IPv6 clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names--dualstack))
- `ipv_4` (Attributes) The IPv4-only DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_dns_names--ipv_4))

<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names--dualstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names.dualstack`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `fips_dns_name` (String) The Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--public_dns_names--ipv_4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_dns_names.ipv_4`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.
- `fips_dns_name` (String) The Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant DNS name of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_instance_connect_endpoint.example "id"
```
