---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_pool Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMPool Type
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_pool (Resource)

Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMPool Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address_family` (String) The address family of the address space in this pool. Either IPv4 or IPv6.
- `ipam_scope_id` (String) The Id of the scope this pool is a part of.

### Optional

- `allocation_default_netmask_length` (Number) The default netmask length for allocations made from this pool. This value is used when the netmask length of an allocation isn't specified.
- `allocation_max_netmask_length` (Number) The maximum allowed netmask length for allocations made from this pool.
- `allocation_min_netmask_length` (Number) The minimum allowed netmask length for allocations made from this pool.
- `allocation_resource_tags` (Attributes Set) When specified, an allocation will not be allowed unless a resource has a matching set of tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocation_resource_tags))
- `auto_import` (Boolean) Determines what to do if IPAM discovers resources that haven't been assigned an allocation. If set to true, an allocation will be made automatically.
- `description` (String)
- `locale` (String) The region of this pool. If not set, this will default to "None" which will disable non-custom allocations. If the locale has been specified for the source pool, this value must match.
- `provisioned_cidrs` (Attributes Set) A list of cidrs representing the address space available for allocation in this pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioned_cidrs))
- `publicly_advertisable` (Boolean) Determines whether or not address space from this pool is publicly advertised. Must be set if and only if the pool is IPv6.
- `source_ipam_pool_id` (String) The Id of this pool's source. If set, all space provisioned in this pool must be free space provisioned in the parent pool.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM Pool.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM this pool is a part of.
- `ipam_pool_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Pool.
- `ipam_scope_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the scope this pool is a part of.
- `ipam_scope_type` (String) Determines whether this scope contains publicly routable space or space for a private network
- `pool_depth` (Number) The depth of this pool in the source pool hierarchy.
- `state` (String) The state of this pool. This can be one of the following values: "create-in-progress", "create-complete", "modify-in-progress", "modify-complete", "delete-in-progress", or "delete-complete"
- `state_message` (String) An explanation of how the pool arrived at it current state.

<a id="nestedatt--allocation_resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_resource_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--provisioned_cidrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioned_cidrs`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) Represents a single IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_ipam_pool.example <resource ID>
```
