
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessInstance resource creates an AWS EC2 Verified Access Instance.
---

# awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance (Resource)

The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessInstance resource creates an AWS EC2 Verified Access Instance.

## Example Usage

### AWS Verified Access Instance with Logging

Creates an AWS Verified Access Instance with FIPS enabled and CloudWatch logging configuration that includes trust context using OCSF logging format.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Define a log group for CloudWatch Logs
resource "awscc_logs_log_group" "vac_logs" {
  log_group_name    = "/aws/verified-access/instance-logs"
  retention_in_days = 7

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the Verified Access Instance
resource "awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance" "example" {
  description  = "Example Verified Access Instance with logging"
  fips_enabled = true

  logging_configurations = {
    cloudwatch_logs = {
      enabled   = true
      log_group = awscc_logs_log_group.vac_logs.log_group_name
    }
    include_trust_context = true
    log_version           = "ocsf-1.0.0-rc.2"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cidr_endpoints_custom_sub_domain` (String) Introduce CidrEndpointsCustomSubDomain property to represent the domain (say, ava.my-company.com)
- `description` (String) A description for the AWS Verified Access instance.
- `fips_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether FIPS is enabled
- `logging_configurations` (Attributes) The configuration options for AWS Verified Access instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `verified_access_trust_provider_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the AWS Verified Access trust providers.
- `verified_access_trust_providers` (Attributes Set) AWS Verified Access trust providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--verified_access_trust_providers))

### Read-Only

- `cidr_endpoints_custom_sub_domain_name_servers` (List of String) Property to represent the name servers assoicated with the domain that AVA manages (say, ['ns1.amazonaws.com', 'ns2.amazonaws.com', 'ns3.amazonaws.com', 'ns4.amazonaws.com']).
- `creation_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Instance was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Instance was last updated.
- `verified_access_instance_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access instance.

<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to CloudWatch Logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--cloudwatch_logs))
- `include_trust_context` (Boolean) Include claims from trust providers in Verified Access logs.
- `kinesis_data_firehose` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to Kinesis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--kinesis_data_firehose))
- `log_version` (String) Select log version for Verified Access logs.
- `s3` (Attributes) Sends Verified Access logs to Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configurations--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.cloudwatch_logs`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.
- `log_group` (String) The ID of the CloudWatch Logs log group.


<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--kinesis_data_firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.kinesis_data_firehose`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream` (String) The ID of the delivery stream.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--logging_configurations--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configurations.s3`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) The bucket name.
- `bucket_owner` (String) The ID of the AWS account that owns the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether logging is enabled.
- `prefix` (String) The bucket prefix.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--verified_access_trust_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `verified_access_trust_providers`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of trust provider.
- `device_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of device-based trust provider.
- `trust_provider_type` (String) The type of trust provider (user- or device-based).
- `user_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of user-based trust provider.
- `verified_access_trust_provider_id` (String) The ID of the trust provider.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance.example
  id = "verified_access_instance_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_verified_access_instance.example "verified_access_instance_id"
```
