
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_vpc_cidr_block Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCCidrBlock
---

# awscc_ec2_vpc_cidr_block (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCCidrBlock

## Example Usage

### Add Secondary CIDR Block to VPC

Creates an additional CIDR block (10.1.0.0/16) to an existing VPC, enabling the expansion of the IP address range for the VPC infrastructure.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a VPC first
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Add secondary CIDR block to the VPC
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc_cidr_block" "secondary_cidr" {
  vpc_id     = awscc_ec2_vpc.example.id
  cidr_block = "10.1.0.0/16"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC.

### Optional

- `amazon_provided_ipv_6_cidr_block` (Boolean) Requests an Amazon-provided IPv6 CIDR block with a /56 prefix length for the VPC. You cannot specify the range of IPv6 addresses, or the size of the CIDR block.
- `cidr_block` (String) An IPv4 CIDR block to associate with the VPC.
- `ipv_4_ipam_pool_id` (String) The ID of the IPv4 IPAM pool to Associate a CIDR from to a VPC.
- `ipv_4_netmask_length` (Number) The netmask length of the IPv4 CIDR you would like to associate from an Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) pool.
- `ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) An IPv6 CIDR block from the IPv6 address pool.
- `ipv_6_cidr_block_network_border_group` (String) The name of the location from which we advertise the IPV6 CIDR block.
- `ipv_6_ipam_pool_id` (String) The ID of the IPv6 IPAM pool to Associate a CIDR from to a VPC.
- `ipv_6_netmask_length` (Number) The netmask length of the IPv6 CIDR you would like to associate from an Amazon VPC IP Address Manager (IPAM) pool.
- `ipv_6_pool` (String) The ID of an IPv6 address pool from which to allocate the IPv6 CIDR block.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ip_source` (String) The IP Source of an IPv6 VPC CIDR Block.
- `ipv_6_address_attribute` (String) The value denoting whether an IPv6 VPC CIDR Block is public or private.
- `vpc_cidr_block_id` (String) The Id of the VPC associated CIDR Block.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_vpc_cidr_block.example "id|vpc_id"
```
