---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMResourceDiscovery Type
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery (Resource)

Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMResourceDiscovery Type

## Example Usage

### Two operating regions

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery" "example" {
  description = "example resource discovery"

  operating_regions = [
    {
      region_name = "us-east-1"
    },
    {
      region_name = "us-west-2"
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `operating_regions` (Attributes Set) The regions Resource Discovery is enabled for. Allows resource discoveries to be created in these regions, as well as enabling monitoring (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operating_regions))
- `organizational_unit_exclusions` (Attributes Set) A set of organizational unit (OU) exclusions for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organizational_unit_exclusions))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (Arn) for the Resource Discovery.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_id` (String) Id of the IPAM Pool.
- `ipam_resource_discovery_region` (String) The region the resource discovery is setup in.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Determines whether or not address space from this pool is publicly advertised. Must be set if and only if the pool is IPv6.
- `owner_id` (String) Owner Account ID of the Resource Discovery
- `state` (String) The state of this Resource Discovery.

<a id="nestedatt--operating_regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operating_regions`

Optional:

- `region_name` (String) The name of the region.


<a id="nestedatt--organizational_unit_exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organizational_unit_exclusions`

Optional:

- `organizations_entity_path` (String) An AWS Organizations entity path. Build the path for the OU(s) using AWS Organizations IDs separated by a '/'. Include all child OUs by ending the path with '/*'.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery.example
  id = "ipam_resource_discovery_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_ipam_resource_discovery.example "ipam_resource_discovery_id"
```