
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_verified_access_trust_provider Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessTrustProvider type describes a verified access trust provider
---

# awscc_ec2_verified_access_trust_provider (Resource)

The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessTrustProvider type describes a verified access trust provider

## Example Usage

### OIDC Trust Provider for Verified Access

Creates an OpenID Connect (OIDC) trust provider for AWS Verified Access using Google accounts as the identity provider, enabling secure user authentication and authorization.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create an OpenID Connect provider example
resource "awscc_ec2_verified_access_trust_provider" "example" {
  trust_provider_type      = "user"
  user_trust_provider_type = "oidc"
  policy_reference_name    = "example_trust_provider"
  description              = "Example OIDC Trust Provider"

  oidc_options = {
    issuer                 = "https://accounts.google.com"
    client_id              = "your-client-id"
    client_secret          = "your-client-secret"
    authorization_endpoint = "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth"
    token_endpoint         = "https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token"
    user_info_endpoint     = "https://openidconnect.googleapis.com/v1/userinfo"
    scope                  = "openid email profile"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_reference_name` (String) The identifier to be used when working with policy rules.
- `trust_provider_type` (String) Type of trust provider. Possible values: user|device

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the Amazon Web Services Verified Access trust provider.
- `device_options` (Attributes) The options for device identity based trust providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_options))
- `device_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of device-based trust provider. Possible values: jamf|crowdstrike
- `native_application_oidc_options` (Attributes) The OpenID Connect details for an oidc -type, user-identity based trust provider for L4. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--native_application_oidc_options))
- `oidc_options` (Attributes) The OpenID Connect details for an oidc -type, user-identity based trust provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oidc_options))
- `sse_specification` (Attributes) The configuration options for customer provided KMS encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_specification))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_trust_provider_type` (String) The type of device-based trust provider. Possible values: oidc|iam-identity-center

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) The last updated time.
- `verified_access_trust_provider_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Web Services Verified Access trust provider.

<a id="nestedatt--device_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_options`

Optional:

- `public_signing_key_url` (String) URL Verified Access will use to verify authenticity of the device tokens.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant application with the device-identity provider.


<a id="nestedatt--native_application_oidc_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `native_application_oidc_options`

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC authorization endpoint.
- `client_id` (String) The client identifier.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret.
- `issuer` (String) The OIDC issuer.
- `public_signing_key_endpoint` (String) The public signing key for endpoint
- `scope` (String) OpenID Connect (OIDC) scopes are used by an application during authentication to authorize access to details of a user. Each scope returns a specific set of user attributes.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC token endpoint.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The OIDC user info endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--oidc_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_options`

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC authorization endpoint.
- `client_id` (String) The client identifier.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret.
- `issuer` (String) The OIDC issuer.
- `scope` (String) OpenID Connect (OIDC) scopes are used by an application during authentication to authorize access to details of a user. Each scope returns a specific set of user attributes.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC token endpoint.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) The OIDC user info endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--sse_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_specification`

Optional:

- `customer_managed_key_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to encrypt the policy with the provided key or disable encryption
- `kms_key_arn` (String) KMS Key Arn used to encrypt the group policy


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_verified_access_trust_provider.example "verified_access_trust_provider_id"
```
