---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_local_gateway_route_table_virtual_interface_group_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for Local Gateway Route Table Virtual Interface Group Association which describes a local gateway route table virtual interface group association for a local gateway.
---

# awscc_ec2_local_gateway_route_table_virtual_interface_group_association (Resource)

Resource Type definition for Local Gateway Route Table Virtual Interface Group Association which describes a local gateway route table virtual interface group association for a local gateway.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `local_gateway_route_table_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway route table.
- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_group_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway route table virtual interface group.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the local gateway route table virtual interface group association. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `local_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway.
- `local_gateway_route_table_arn` (String) The ARN of the local gateway route table.
- `local_gateway_route_table_virtual_interface_group_association_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway route table virtual interface group association.
- `owner_id` (String) The owner of the local gateway route table virtual interface group association.
- `state` (String) The state of the local gateway route table virtual interface group association.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_local_gateway_route_table_virtual_interface_group_association.example "local_gateway_route_table_virtual_interface_group_association_id"
```
