---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_host Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::Host
---

# awscc_ec2_host (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::Host

## Example Usage

### First example - Create dedicated host specifying instance family
```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_host" "dedicated_host" {
  availability_zone = "us-east-1a"
  auto_placement    = "on"
  instance_family   = "m5"
}
```

### Second example - Create dedicated host specifying instance type
```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_host" "dedicated_host1" {
  availability_zone = "us-east-1b"
  auto_placement    = "on"
  instance_type     = "m5.xlarge"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to allocate the Dedicated Host.

### Optional

- `asset_id` (String) The ID of the Outpost hardware asset.
- `auto_placement` (String) Indicates whether the host accepts any untargeted instance launches that match its instance type configuration, or if it only accepts Host tenancy instance launches that specify its unique host ID.
- `host_maintenance` (String) Automatically allocates a new dedicated host and moves your instances on to it if a degradation is detected on your current host.
- `host_recovery` (String) Indicates whether to enable or disable host recovery for the Dedicated Host. Host recovery is disabled by default.
- `instance_family` (String) Specifies the instance family to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance family, the Dedicated Hosts support multiple instance types within that instance family.
- `instance_type` (String) Specifies the instance type to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance type, the Dedicated Hosts support instances of the specified instance type only.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Web Services Outpost on which to allocate the Dedicated Host.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the Host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `host_id` (String) ID of the host created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_host.example "host_id"
```