---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::CapacityManagerDataExport
---

# awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::CapacityManagerDataExport



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `output_format` (String) The format of the exported capacity manager data. Choose 'csv' for comma-separated values or 'parquet' for optimized columnar storage format.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the capacity manager data export will be stored. The bucket must exist and be accessible by EC2 Capacity Manager service.
- `schedule` (String) The schedule for the capacity manager data export. Currently supports hourly exports that provide periodic snapshots of capacity manager data.

### Optional

- `s3_bucket_prefix` (String) The prefix for the S3 bucket location where exported files will be placed. If not specified, files will be placed in the root of the bucket.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to the capacity manager data export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `capacity_manager_data_export_id` (String) The unique identifier of the capacity manager data export.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export.example
  identity = {
    capacity_manager_data_export_id = "capacity_manager_data_export_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `capacity_manager_data_export_id` (String) The unique identifier of the capacity manager data export

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export.example
  id = "capacity_manager_data_export_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_capacity_manager_data_export.example "capacity_manager_data_export_id"
```
