---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_verified_access_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessGroup resource creates an AWS EC2 Verified Access Group.
---

# awscc_ec2_verified_access_group (Resource)

The AWS::EC2::VerifiedAccessGroup resource creates an AWS EC2 Verified Access Group.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `verified_access_instance_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access instance.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the AWS Verified Access group.
- `policy_document` (String) The AWS Verified Access policy document.
- `policy_enabled` (Boolean) The status of the Verified Access policy.
- `sse_specification` (Attributes) The configuration options for customer provided KMS encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_specification))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Group was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) Time this Verified Access Group was last updated.
- `owner` (String) The AWS account number that owns the group.
- `verified_access_group_arn` (String) The ARN of the Verified Access group.
- `verified_access_group_id` (String) The ID of the AWS Verified Access group.

<a id="nestedatt--sse_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_specification`

Optional:

- `customer_managed_key_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to encrypt the policy with the provided key or disable encryption
- `kms_key_arn` (String) KMS Key Arn used to encrypt the group policy


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_verified_access_group.example VerifiedAccessGroupId
```
