
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayMulticastDomain type
---

# awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain (Resource)

The AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayMulticastDomain type

## Example Usage

### Transit Gateway Multicast Domain Configuration

Creates a Transit Gateway Multicast Domain with IGMPv2 support enabled and auto-accept shared associations, while requiring a Transit Gateway with multicast support enabled as a prerequisite.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# We need to use aws provider for Transit Gateway since AWSCC doesn't support multicast_support option
resource "aws_ec2_transit_gateway" "example" {
  description       = "Example Transit Gateway for Multicast Domain"
  multicast_support = "enable"
  tags = {
    "Created By" = "AWSCC"
  }
}

# Create the Transit Gateway Multicast Domain
resource "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain" "example" {
  transit_gateway_id = aws_ec2_transit_gateway.example.id

  options = {
    auto_accept_shared_associations = "enable"
    igmpv_2_support                 = "enable"
    static_sources_support          = "disable"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Created By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway.

### Optional

- `options` (Attributes) The options for the transit gateway multicast domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the transit gateway multicast domain. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time the transit gateway multicast domain was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The state of the transit gateway multicast domain.
- `transit_gateway_multicast_domain_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the transit gateway multicast domain.
- `transit_gateway_multicast_domain_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway multicast domain.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `auto_accept_shared_associations` (String) Indicates whether to automatically cross-account subnet associations that are associated with the transit gateway multicast domain. Valid Values: enable | disable
- `igmpv_2_support` (String) Indicates whether Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) version 2 is turned on for the transit gateway multicast domain. Valid Values: enable | disable
- `static_sources_support` (String) Indicates whether support for statically configuring transit gateway multicast group sources is turned on. Valid Values: enable | disable


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with aws:.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 255 Unicode characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain.example
  id = "transit_gateway_multicast_domain_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain.example "transit_gateway_multicast_domain_id"
```
