---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for for AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorFilterRule
---

# awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter_rule (Resource)

Resource Type definition for for AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorFilterRule



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_cidr_block` (String) The destination CIDR block to assign to the Traffic Mirror rule.
- `rule_action` (String) The action to take on the filtered traffic (accept/reject).
- `rule_number` (Number) The number of the Traffic Mirror rule.
- `source_cidr_block` (String) The source CIDR block to assign to the Traffic Mirror Filter rule.
- `traffic_direction` (String) The direction of traffic (ingress/egress).
- `traffic_mirror_filter_id` (String) The ID of the filter that this rule is associated with.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Traffic Mirror Filter rule.
- `destination_port_range` (Attributes) The destination port range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_port_range))
- `protocol` (Number) The number of protocol, for example 17 (UDP), to assign to the Traffic Mirror rule.
- `source_port_range` (Attributes) The source port range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_port_range))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the Traffic Mirror Filter rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `traffic_mirror_filter_rule_id` (String) The ID of the Traffic Mirror Filter rule.

<a id="nestedatt--destination_port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_port_range`

Optional:

- `from_port` (Number) The first port in the Traffic Mirror port range.
- `to_port` (Number) The last port in the Traffic Mirror port range.


<a id="nestedatt--source_port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_port_range`

Optional:

- `from_port` (Number) The first port in the Traffic Mirror port range.
- `to_port` (Number) The last port in the Traffic Mirror port range.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter_rule.example
  id = "traffic_mirror_filter_rule_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_filter_rule.example "traffic_mirror_filter_rule_id"
```
