---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayConnectPeer
---

# awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayConnectPeer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connect_peer_configuration` (Attributes) The Connect peer details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration))
- `transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The ID of the Connect attachment.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags for the Connect Peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The state of the Connect peer.
- `transit_gateway_connect_peer_id` (String) The ID of the Connect peer.

<a id="nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connect_peer_configuration`

Required:

- `inside_cidr_blocks` (List of String) The range of interior BGP peer IP addresses.
- `peer_address` (String) The peer IP address (GRE outer IP address) on the appliance side of the Connect peer.

Optional:

- `transit_gateway_address` (String) The Connect peer IP address on the transit gateway side of the tunnel.

Read-Only:

- `bgp_configurations` (Attributes List) The BGP configuration details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration--bgp_configurations))
- `protocol` (String) The tunnel protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--connect_peer_configuration--bgp_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connect_peer_configuration.bgp_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_status` (String) The BGP status.
- `peer_address` (String) The interior BGP peer IP address for the appliance.
- `peer_asn` (Number) The peer Autonomous System Number (ASN).
- `transit_gateway_address` (String) The interior BGP peer IP address for the transit gateway.
- `transit_gateway_asn` (Number) The transit gateway Autonomous System Number (ASN).



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode characters. May not begin with aws: .
- `value` (String) The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 256 Unicode characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer.example
  id = "transit_gateway_connect_peer_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_transit_gateway_connect_peer.example "transit_gateway_connect_peer_id"
```
