---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_eip Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Specifies an Elastic IP (EIP) address and can, optionally, associate it with an Amazon EC2 instance.
  You can allocate an Elastic IP address from an address pool owned by AWS or from an address pool created from a public IPv4 address range that you have brought to AWS for use with your AWS resources using bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP). For more information, see Bring Your Own IP Addresses (BYOIP) https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-byoip.html in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.
  For more information, see Elastic IP Addresses https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/elastic-ip-addresses-eip.html in the Amazon EC2 User Guide.
---

# awscc_ec2_eip (Resource)

Specifies an Elastic IP (EIP) address and can, optionally, associate it with an Amazon EC2 instance.
 You can allocate an Elastic IP address from an address pool owned by AWS or from an address pool created from a public IPv4 address range that you have brought to AWS for use with your AWS resources using bring your own IP addresses (BYOIP). For more information, see [Bring Your Own IP Addresses (BYOIP)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-byoip.html) in the *Amazon EC2 User Guide*.
 For more information, see [Elastic IP Addresses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/elastic-ip-addresses-eip.html) in the *Amazon EC2 User Guide*.

## Example Usage

### Allocate an Elastic IP (EIP) address

To use awscc_ec2_eip to allocate an Elastic IP (EIP) address:

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_eip" "main" {
  domain = "vpc"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Managed By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### Allocate an Elastic IP (EIP) address and assign it to an Amazon EC2 instance

To use awscc_ec2_eip to allocate an Elastic IP (EIP) address and assign it to an Amazon EC2 instance:

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_eip" "main" {
  domain      = "vpc"
  instance_id = var.instance_id
  tags = [{
    key   = "Managed By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address` (String)
- `domain` (String) The network (``vpc``).
 If you define an Elastic IP address and associate it with a VPC that is defined in the same template, you must declare a dependency on the VPC-gateway attachment by using the [DependsOn Attribute](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-dependson.html) on this resource.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance.
  Updates to the ``InstanceId`` property may require *some interruptions*. Updates on an EIP reassociates the address on its associated resource.
- `ipam_pool_id` (String)
- `network_border_group` (String) A unique set of Availability Zones, Local Zones, or Wavelength Zones from which AWS advertises IP addresses. Use this parameter to limit the IP address to this location. IP addresses cannot move between network border groups.
 Use [DescribeAvailabilityZones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAvailabilityZones.html) to view the network border groups.
- `public_ipv_4_pool` (String) The ID of an address pool that you own. Use this parameter to let Amazon EC2 select an address from the address pool.
  Updates to the ``PublicIpv4Pool`` property may require *some interruptions*. Updates on an EIP reassociates the address on its associated resource.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the Elastic IP address.
  Updates to the ``Tags`` property may require *some interruptions*. Updates on an EIP reassociates the address on its associated resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transfer_address` (String) The Elastic IP address you are accepting for transfer. You can only accept one transferred address. For more information on Elastic IP address transfers, see [Transfer Elastic IP addresses](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-eips.html#transfer-EIPs-intro) in the *Amazon Virtual Private Cloud User Guide*.

### Read-Only

- `allocation_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `public_ip` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_eip.example
  id = "public_ip|allocation_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_eip.example "public_ip|allocation_id"
```