---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_route Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Specifies a route in a route table. For more information, see Routes https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Route_Tables.html#route-table-routes in the Amazon VPC User Guide.
  You must specify either a destination CIDR block or prefix list ID. You must also specify exactly one of the resources as the target.
  If you create a route that references a transit gateway in the same template where you create the transit gateway, you must declare a dependency on the transit gateway attachment. The route table cannot use the transit gateway until it has successfully attached to the VPC. Add a DependsOn Attribute https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-dependson.html in the AWS::EC2::Route resource to explicitly declare a dependency on the AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayAttachment resource.
---

# awscc_ec2_route (Resource)

Specifies a route in a route table. For more information, see [Routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Route_Tables.html#route-table-routes) in the *Amazon VPC User Guide*.
 You must specify either a destination CIDR block or prefix list ID. You must also specify exactly one of the resources as the target.
 If you create a route that references a transit gateway in the same template where you create the transit gateway, you must declare a dependency on the transit gateway attachment. The route table cannot use the transit gateway until it has successfully attached to the VPC. Add a [DependsOn Attribute](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-dependson.html) in the ``AWS::EC2::Route`` resource to explicitly declare a dependency on the ``AWS::EC2::TransitGatewayAttachment`` resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table for the route.

### Optional

- `carrier_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the carrier gateway.
 You can only use this option when the VPC contains a subnet which is associated with a Wavelength Zone.
- `core_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the core network.
- `destination_cidr_block` (String) The IPv4 CIDR address block used for the destination match. Routing decisions are based on the most specific match. We modify the specified CIDR block to its canonical form; for example, if you specify ``100.68.0.18/18``, we modify it to ``100.68.0.0/18``.
- `destination_ipv_6_cidr_block` (String) The IPv6 CIDR block used for the destination match. Routing decisions are based on the most specific match.
- `destination_prefix_list_id` (String) The ID of a prefix list used for the destination match.
- `egress_only_internet_gateway_id` (String) [IPv6 traffic only] The ID of an egress-only internet gateway.
- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of an internet gateway or virtual private gateway attached to your VPC.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of a NAT instance in your VPC. The operation fails if you specify an instance ID unless exactly one network interface is attached.
- `local_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) [IPv4 traffic only] The ID of a NAT gateway.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of a network interface.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of a transit gateway.
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of a VPC endpoint. Supported for Gateway Load Balancer endpoints only.
- `vpc_peering_connection_id` (String) The ID of a VPC peering connection.

### Read-Only

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_route.example "route_table_id|cidr_block"
```
