---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_session Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorSession
---

# awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_session (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::EC2::TrafficMirrorSession



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of the source network interface.
- `session_number` (Number) The session number determines the order in which sessions are evaluated when an interface is used by multiple sessions. The first session with a matching filter is the one that mirrors the packets.
- `traffic_mirror_filter_id` (String) The ID of a Traffic Mirror filter.
- `traffic_mirror_target_id` (String) The ID of a Traffic Mirror target.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Traffic Mirror session.
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the account that owns the Traffic Mirror session.
- `packet_length` (Number) The number of bytes in each packet to mirror.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the Traffic Mirror session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `virtual_network_id` (Number) The VXLAN ID for the Traffic Mirror session.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `traffic_mirror_session_id` (String) The ID of a Traffic Mirror session.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_session.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_traffic_mirror_session.example "id"
```
