---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_customer_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Specifies a customer gateway.
---

# awscc_ec2_customer_gateway (Resource)

Specifies a customer gateway.

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_customer_gateway" "example" {
  bgp_asn    = 65000
  ip_address = "12.1.2.3"
  type       = "ipsec.1"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### With device name

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_customer_gateway" "example" {
  bgp_asn     = 65000
  ip_address  = "12.1.2.3"
  type        = "ipsec.1"
  device_name = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_address` (String) IPv4 address for the customer gateway device's outside interface. The address must be static. If ``OutsideIpAddressType`` in your VPN connection options is set to ``PrivateIpv4``, you can use an RFC6598 or RFC1918 private IPv4 address. If ``OutsideIpAddressType`` is set to ``PublicIpv4``, you can use a public IPv4 address.
- `type` (String) The type of VPN connection that this customer gateway supports (``ipsec.1``).

### Optional

- `bgp_asn` (Number) For customer gateway devices that support BGP, specify the device's ASN. You must specify either ``BgpAsn`` or ``BgpAsnExtended`` when creating the customer gateway. If the ASN is larger than ``2,147,483,647``, you must use ``BgpAsnExtended``.
 Default: 65000
 Valid values: ``1`` to ``2,147,483,647``
- `bgp_asn_extended` (Number) For customer gateway devices that support BGP, specify the device's ASN. You must specify either ``BgpAsn`` or ``BgpAsnExtended`` when creating the customer gateway. If the ASN is larger than ``2,147,483,647``, you must use ``BgpAsnExtended``.
 Valid values: ``2,147,483,648`` to ``4,294,967,295``
- `certificate_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the customer gateway certificate.
- `device_name` (String) The name of customer gateway device.
- `tags` (Attributes List) One or more tags for the customer gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `customer_gateway_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_customer_gateway.example "customer_gateway_id"
```