---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for Local Gateway Virtual Interface which describes a virtual interface for AWS Outposts local gateways.
---

# awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface (Resource)

Resource Type definition for Local Gateway Virtual Interface which describes a virtual interface for AWS Outposts local gateways.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `local_address` (String) The local address.
- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_group_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface group
- `outpost_lag_id` (String) The Outpost LAG ID.
- `peer_address` (String) The peer address.
- `vlan` (Number) The ID of the VLAN.

### Optional

- `peer_bgp_asn` (Number) The peer BGP ASN.
- `peer_bgp_asn_extended` (Number) The extended 32-bit ASN of the BGP peer for use with larger ASN values.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `configuration_state` (String) The current state of the local gateway virtual interface
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `local_bgp_asn` (Number) The Autonomous System Number(ASN) for the local Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)
- `local_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the local gateway
- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface
- `owner_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the local gateway virtual interface group

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface.example
  identity = {
    local_gateway_virtual_interface_id = "local_gateway_virtual_interface_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `local_gateway_virtual_interface_id` (String) The ID of the virtual interface

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface.example
  id = "local_gateway_virtual_interface_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_local_gateway_virtual_interface.example "local_gateway_virtual_interface_id"
```
