---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_eip_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Associates an Elastic IP address with an instance or a network interface. Before you can use an Elastic IP address, you must allocate it to your account. For more information about working with Elastic IP addresses, see Elastic IP address concepts and rules https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-eips.html#vpc-eip-overview.
  You must specify AllocationId and either InstanceId, NetworkInterfaceId, or PrivateIpAddress.
---

# awscc_ec2_eip_association (Resource)

Associates an Elastic IP address with an instance or a network interface. Before you can use an Elastic IP address, you must allocate it to your account. For more information about working with Elastic IP addresses, see [Elastic IP address concepts and rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-eips.html#vpc-eip-overview).
 You must specify ``AllocationId`` and either ``InstanceId``, ``NetworkInterfaceId``, or ``PrivateIpAddress``.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allocation_id` (String) The allocation ID. This is required.
- `eip` (String)
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance. The instance must have exactly one attached network interface. You can specify either the instance ID or the network interface ID, but not both.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of the network interface. If the instance has more than one network interface, you must specify a network interface ID.
 You can specify either the instance ID or the network interface ID, but not both.
- `private_ip_address` (String) The primary or secondary private IP address to associate with the Elastic IP address. If no private IP address is specified, the Elastic IP address is associated with the primary private IP address.

### Read-Only

- `eip_association_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_eip_association.example Id
```
