
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_dhcp_options Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::DHCPOptions
---

# awscc_ec2_dhcp_options (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::DHCPOptions

## Example Usage

### Configure VPC DHCP Options Set

Creates a DHCP options set with custom domain name, DNS servers, NTP servers, and NetBIOS configuration for use within a VPC.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_dhcp_options" "example" {
  domain_name          = "example.internal"
  domain_name_servers  = ["AmazonProvidedDNS"]
  ntp_servers          = ["169.254.169.123"]
  netbios_name_servers = ["192.168.1.1", "192.168.1.2"]
  netbios_node_type    = 2 # H-node

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain_name` (String) This value is used to complete unqualified DNS hostnames.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses of up to four domain name servers, or AmazonProvidedDNS.
- `ipv_6_address_preferred_lease_time` (Number) The preferred Lease Time for ipV6 address in seconds.
- `netbios_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses of up to four NetBIOS name servers.
- `netbios_node_type` (Number) The NetBIOS node type (1, 2, 4, or 8).
- `ntp_servers` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses of up to four Network Time Protocol (NTP) servers.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Any tags assigned to the DHCP options set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `dhcp_options_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_dhcp_options.example "dhcp_options_id"
```
