---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ec2_network_interface_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::NetworkInterfaceAttachment
---

# awscc_ec2_network_interface_attachment (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::NetworkInterfaceAttachment



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_index` (String) The network interface's position in the attachment order. For example, the first attached network interface has a DeviceIndex of 0.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance to which you will attach the ENI.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The ID of the ENI that you want to attach.

### Optional

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Whether to delete the network interface when the instance terminates. By default, this value is set to true.
- `ena_queue_count` (Number) The number of ENA queues to be created with the instance.
- `ena_srd_specification` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ena_srd_specification))

### Read-Only

- `attachment_id` (String) The ID of the network interface attachment.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--ena_srd_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ena_srd_specification`

Optional:

- `ena_srd_enabled` (Boolean)
- `ena_srd_udp_specification` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ena_srd_specification--ena_srd_udp_specification))

<a id="nestedatt--ena_srd_specification--ena_srd_udp_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ena_srd_specification.ena_srd_udp_specification`

Optional:

- `ena_srd_udp_enabled` (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_network_interface_attachment.example
  identity = {
    attachment_id = "attachment_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `attachment_id` (String) The ID of the network interface attachment

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_network_interface_attachment.example
  id = "attachment_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_network_interface_attachment.example "attachment_id"
```
