
---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCBlockPublicAccessOptions
---

# awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::EC2::VPCBlockPublicAccessOptions

## Example Usage

### Block Public Internet Access for VPC

Control VPC's internet gateway access by implementing bidirectional blocking to prevent both inbound and outbound internet traffic through internet gateways.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example resource for AWS VPC Block Public Access Options
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options" "example" {
  # Valid values are "block-bidirectional" or "block-ingress"
  internet_gateway_block_mode = "block-bidirectional"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `internet_gateway_block_mode` (String) The desired Block Public Access mode for Internet Gateways in your account. We do not allow to create in a off mode as this is the default value

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The identifier for the specified AWS account.
- `exclusions_allowed` (String) Determines if exclusions are allowed. If you have enabled VPC BPA at the Organization level, exclusions may be not-allowed. Otherwise, they are allowed.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options.example
  identity = {
    account_id = "account_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema


#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options.example
  id = "account_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_vpc_block_public_access_options.example "account_id"
```
