---
page_title: "awscc_ec2_ipam_scope Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMScope Type
---

# awscc_ec2_ipam_scope (Resource)

Resource Schema of AWS::EC2::IPAMScope Type

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "awscc_ec2_ipam_scope" "example" {
  ipam_id = awscc_ec2_ipam.example.id

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipam_id` (String) The Id of the IPAM this scope is a part of.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `external_authority_configuration` (Attributes) External service configuration to connect your AWS IPAM scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_authority_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM scope.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipam_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IPAM this scope is a part of.
- `ipam_scope_id` (String) Id of the IPAM scope.
- `ipam_scope_type` (String) Determines whether this scope contains publicly routable space or space for a private network
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is this one of the default scopes created with the IPAM.
- `pool_count` (Number) The number of pools that currently exist in this scope.

<a id="nestedatt--external_authority_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_authority_configuration`

Optional:

- `external_resource_identifier` (String) Resource identifier of the scope in the external service connecting to your AWS IPAM scope.
- `ipam_scope_external_authority_type` (String) An external service connecting to your AWS IPAM scope.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_ipam_scope.example
  identity = {
    ipam_scope_id = "ipam_scope_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `ipam_scope_id` (String) Id of the IPAM scope

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ec2_ipam_scope.example
  id = "ipam_scope_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ec2_ipam_scope.example "ipam_scope_id"
```