---
page_title: "awscc_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ECR::PullThroughCacheRule resource creates or updates a pull through cache rule. A pull through cache rule provides a way to cache images from an upstream registry in your Amazon ECR private registry.
---

# awscc_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule (Resource)

The ``AWS::ECR::PullThroughCacheRule`` resource creates or updates a pull through cache rule. A pull through cache rule provides a way to cache images from an upstream registry in your Amazon ECR private registry.

## Example Usage

### First example
Create a pull through cache rule. A pull through cache rule provides a way to cache images from an upstream registry in your Amazon ECR Private Registry.
```terraform
resource "awscc_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule" "ecr_pull_through_cache_rule_example" {
  ecr_repository_prefix = "ecr-public"
  upstream_registry_url = "public.ecr.aws"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `credential_arn` (String) The ARN of the Secrets Manager secret associated with the pull through cache rule.
- `custom_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role associated with the pull through cache rule.
- `ecr_repository_prefix` (String) The Amazon ECR repository prefix associated with the pull through cache rule.
- `upstream_registry` (String) The name of the upstream source registry associated with the pull through cache rule.
- `upstream_registry_url` (String) The upstream registry URL associated with the pull through cache rule.
- `upstream_repository_prefix` (String) The upstream repository prefix associated with the pull through cache rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ecr_pull_through_cache_rule.example "ecr_repository_prefix"
```