---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ecr_signing_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ECR::SigningConfiguration resource creates or updates the signing configuration for an Amazon ECR registry.
---

# awscc_ecr_signing_configuration (Resource)

The AWS::ECR::SigningConfiguration resource creates or updates the signing configuration for an Amazon ECR registry.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Attributes List) Array of signing rules that define which repositories should be signed and with which signing profiles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `registry_id` (String) 12-digit AWS account ID of the ECR registry.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `signing_profile_arn` (String) AWS Signer signing profile ARN to use for matched repositories.

Optional:

- `repository_filters` (Attributes List) Optional array of repository filters. If omitted, the rule matches all repositories. If provided, must contain at least one filter. Empty arrays are not allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--repository_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--repository_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.repository_filters`

Optional:

- `filter` (String) Repository name pattern (supports '*' wildcard).
- `filter_type` (String) Type of repository filter

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecr_signing_configuration.example
  identity = {
    registry_id = "registry_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `registry_id` (String) 12-digit AWS account ID of the ECR registry

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecr_signing_configuration.example
  id = "registry_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ecr_signing_configuration.example "registry_id"
```
