---
page_title: "awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The scanning configuration for a private registry.
---

# awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration (Resource)

The scanning configuration for a private registry.

## Example Usage

### ECR Registry Scanning Configuration
ECR Registry Scanning Configuration with Enhanced scanning type and continuous scan frequency for all repositories

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# ECR Registry Scanning Configuration resource
resource "awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration" "example" {
  # Configure Enhanced scanning type
  scan_type = "ENHANCED"

  # Configure scanning rules
  rules = [
    {
      scan_frequency = "CONTINUOUS_SCAN"
      repository_filters = [
        {
          filter      = "*"
          filter_type = "WILDCARD"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rules` (Attributes List) The scanning rules associated with the registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `scan_type` (String) The type of scanning configured for the registry.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `registry_id` (String) The registry id.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `repository_filters` (Attributes List) The details of a scanning repository filter. For more information on how to use filters, see [Using filters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/image-scanning.html#image-scanning-filters) in the *Amazon Elastic Container Registry User Guide*. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--repository_filters))
- `scan_frequency` (String) The frequency that scans are performed at for a private registry. When the ``ENHANCED`` scan type is specified, the supported scan frequencies are ``CONTINUOUS_SCAN`` and ``SCAN_ON_PUSH``. When the ``BASIC`` scan type is specified, the ``SCAN_ON_PUSH`` scan frequency is supported. If scan on push is not specified, then the ``MANUAL`` scan frequency is set by default.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--repository_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.repository_filters`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter to use when scanning.
- `filter_type` (String) The type associated with the filter.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration.example
  identity = {
    registry_id = "registry_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `registry_id` (String) The registry id

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account
- `region` (String) The AWS region where the resource is located

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration.example
  id = "registry_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ecr_registry_scanning_configuration.example "registry_id"
```
