---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ecr_replication_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ECR::ReplicationConfiguration resource configures the replication destinations for an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon Private ECR). For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/replication.html
---

# awscc_ecr_replication_configuration (Resource)

The AWS::ECR::ReplicationConfiguration resource configures the replication destinations for an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon Private ECR). For more information, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/replication.html



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `replication_configuration` (Attributes) An object representing the replication configuration for a registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `registry_id` (String) The RegistryId associated with the aws account.

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the replication rules for a replication configuration. A replication configuration may contain a maximum of 10 rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules`

Required:

- `destinations` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the details of a replication destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--destinations))
- `repository_filters` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the details of a repository filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--repository_filters))

<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules.destinations`

Required:

- `region` (String) A Region to replicate to.
- `registry_id` (String) The account ID of the destination registry to replicate to.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration--rules--repository_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration.rules.repository_filters`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The repository filter to be applied for replication.
- `filter_type` (String) Type of repository filter

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ecr_replication_configuration.example <resource ID>
```
