---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ecs_daemon Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Information about a daemon resource.
---

# awscc_ecs_daemon (Resource)

Information about a daemon resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `capacity_provider_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the capacity providers associated with the daemon.
- `cluster_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster that the daemon is running in.
- `daemon_name` (String)
- `daemon_task_definition_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the daemon task definition used by this revision.
- `deployment_configuration` (Attributes) The deployment configuration used for this daemon deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_configuration))
- `enable_ecs_managed_tags` (Boolean) Specifies whether Amazon ECS managed tags are turned on for the daemon tasks.
- `enable_execute_command` (Boolean) Specifies whether the execute command functionality is turned on for the daemon tasks.
- `propagate_tags` (String) Specifies whether tags are propagated from the daemon to the daemon tasks.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `daemon_arn` (String)
- `daemon_status` (String)
- `deployment_arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_configuration`

Optional:

- `alarms` (Attributes) The CloudWatch alarm configuration for the daemon deployment. When alarms are triggered during a deployment, the deployment can be automatically rolled back. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deployment_configuration--alarms))
- `bake_time_in_minutes` (Number) The amount of time (in minutes) to wait after a successful deployment step before proceeding. This allows time to monitor for issues before continuing. The default value is 0.
- `drain_percent` (Number) The percentage of container instances to drain simultaneously during a daemon deployment. Valid values are between 0.0 and 100.0.

<a id="nestedatt--deployment_configuration--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_configuration.alarms`

Optional:

- `alarm_names` (List of String) The CloudWatch alarm names to monitor during a daemon deployment.
- `enable` (Boolean) Determines whether to use the CloudWatch alarm option in the daemon deployment process. The default value is ``false``.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) One part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A ``key`` is a general label that acts like a category for more specific tag values.
- `value` (String) The optional part of a key-value pair that make up a tag. A ``value`` acts as a descriptor within a tag category (key).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecs_daemon.example
  identity = {
    daemon_arn = "daemon_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `daemon_arn` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ecs_daemon.example
  id = "daemon_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ecs_daemon.example "daemon_arn"
```
