---
page_title: "awscc_efs_access_point Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::EFS::AccessPoint resource creates an EFS access point. An access point is an application-specific view into an EFS file system that applies an operating system user and group, and a file system path, to any file system request made through the access point. The operating system user and group override any identity information provided by the NFS client. The file system path is exposed as the access point's root directory. Applications using the access point can only access data in its own directory and below. To learn more, see Mounting a file system using EFS access points https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-access-points.html.
  This operation requires permissions for the elasticfilesystem:CreateAccessPoint action.
---

# awscc_efs_access_point (Resource)

The ``AWS::EFS::AccessPoint`` resource creates an EFS access point. An access point is an application-specific view into an EFS file system that applies an operating system user and group, and a file system path, to any file system request made through the access point. The operating system user and group override any identity information provided by the NFS client. The file system path is exposed as the access point's root directory. Applications using the access point can only access data in its own directory and below. To learn more, see [Mounting a file system using EFS access points](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-access-points.html).
 This operation requires permissions for the ``elasticfilesystem:CreateAccessPoint`` action.

## Example Usage

### EFS Access Point
To use `awscc_efs_access_point` with `awscc_efs_file_system`:
```terraform
resource "awscc_efs_access_point" "this" {
  file_system_id = awscc_efs_file_system.this.id

  access_point_tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "this"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}

resource "awscc_efs_file_system" "this" {

  file_system_tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "this"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

To create a `awscc_efs_access_point` with posix_user
```terraform
resource "awscc_efs_access_point" "this" {
  file_system_id = awscc_efs_file_system.this.id
  posix_user = {
    gid = 1001
    uid = 1001
  }

  access_point_tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "this"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}

resource "awscc_efs_file_system" "this" {

  file_system_tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "this"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the EFS file system that the access point applies to. Accepts only the ID format for input when specifying a file system, for example ``fs-0123456789abcedf2``.

### Optional

- `access_point_tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource.
 For more information, see [Tag](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-resource-tags.html). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_point_tags))
- `client_token` (String) The opaque string specified in the request to ensure idempotent creation.
- `posix_user` (Attributes) The full POSIX identity, including the user ID, group ID, and secondary group IDs on the access point that is used for all file operations by NFS clients using the access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--posix_user))
- `root_directory` (Attributes) The directory on the EFS file system that the access point exposes as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory))

### Read-Only

- `access_point_id` (String)
- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--access_point_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_point_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key (String). The key can't start with ``aws:``.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag key.


<a id="nestedatt--posix_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `posix_user`

Optional:

- `gid` (String) The POSIX group ID used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `secondary_gids` (List of String) Secondary POSIX group IDs used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `uid` (String) The POSIX user ID used for all file system operations using this access point.


<a id="nestedatt--root_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory`

Optional:

- `creation_info` (Attributes) (Optional) Specifies the POSIX IDs and permissions to apply to the access point's ``RootDirectory``. If the ``RootDirectory`` > ``Path`` specified does not exist, EFS creates the root directory using the ``CreationInfo`` settings when a client connects to an access point. When specifying the ``CreationInfo``, you must provide values for all properties. 
  If you do not provide ``CreationInfo`` and the specified ``RootDirectory`` > ``Path`` does not exist, attempts to mount the file system using the access point will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory--creation_info))
- `path` (String) Specifies the path on the EFS file system to expose as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point to access the EFS file system. A path can have up to four subdirectories. If the specified path does not exist, you are required to provide the ``CreationInfo``.

<a id="nestedatt--root_directory--creation_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory.creation_info`

Optional:

- `owner_gid` (String) Specifies the POSIX group ID to apply to the ``RootDirectory``. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `owner_uid` (String) Specifies the POSIX user ID to apply to the ``RootDirectory``. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `permissions` (String) Specifies the POSIX permissions to apply to the ``RootDirectory``, in the format of an octal number representing the file's mode bits.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_efs_access_point.example
  id = "access_point_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_efs_access_point.example "access_point_id"
```
