---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_eks_pod_identity_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An object representing an Amazon EKS PodIdentityAssociation.
---

# awscc_eks_pod_identity_association (Resource)

An object representing an Amazon EKS PodIdentityAssociation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) The cluster that the pod identity association is created for.
- `namespace` (String) The Kubernetes namespace that the pod identity association is created for.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role ARN that the pod identity association is created for.
- `service_account` (String) The Kubernetes service account that the pod identity association is created for.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `association_arn` (String) The ARN of the pod identity association.
- `association_id` (String) The ID of the pod identity association.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_eks_pod_identity_association.example "association_arn"
```
