---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_elasticache_serverless_cache Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ElastiCache::ServerlessCache resource creates an Amazon ElastiCache Serverless Cache.
---

# awscc_elasticache_serverless_cache (Resource)

The AWS::ElastiCache::ServerlessCache resource creates an Amazon ElastiCache Serverless Cache.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `engine` (String) The engine name of the Serverless Cache.
- `serverless_cache_name` (String) The name of the Serverless Cache. This value must be unique.

### Optional

- `cache_usage_limits` (Attributes) The cache capacity limit of the Serverless Cache. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_usage_limits))
- `daily_snapshot_time` (String) The daily time range (in UTC) during which the service takes automatic snapshot of the Serverless Cache.
- `description` (String) The description of the Serverless Cache.
- `final_snapshot_name` (String) The final snapshot name which is taken before Serverless Cache is deleted.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The ID of the KMS key used to encrypt the cluster.
- `major_engine_version` (String) The major engine version of the Serverless Cache.
- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) One or more Amazon VPC security groups associated with this Serverless Cache.
- `snapshot_arns_to_restore` (Set of String) The ARN's of snapshot to restore Serverless Cache.
- `snapshot_retention_limit` (Number) The snapshot retention limit of the Serverless Cache.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The subnet id's of the Serverless Cache.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this Serverless Cache. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_group_id` (String) The ID of the user group.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Serverless Cache.
- `create_time` (String) The creation time of the Serverless Cache.
- `endpoint` (Attributes) The address and the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint))
- `full_engine_version` (String) The full engine version of the Serverless Cache.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `reader_endpoint` (Attributes) The address and the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reader_endpoint))
- `status` (String) The status of the Serverless Cache.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_usage_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_usage_limits`

Optional:

- `data_storage` (Attributes) The cached data capacity of the Serverless Cache. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_usage_limits--data_storage))
- `ecpu_per_second` (Attributes) The ECPU per second of the Serverless Cache. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_usage_limits--ecpu_per_second))

<a id="nestedatt--cache_usage_limits--data_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_usage_limits.data_storage`

Required:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum cached data capacity of the Serverless Cache.
- `unit` (String) The unix of cached data capacity of the Serverless Cache.


<a id="nestedatt--cache_usage_limits--ecpu_per_second"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_usage_limits.ecpu_per_second`

Required:

- `maximum` (Number) The maximum ECPU per second of the Serverless Cache.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with 'aws:'. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Endpoint address.
- `port` (Number) Endpoint port.


<a id="nestedatt--reader_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reader_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Endpoint address.
- `port` (Number) Endpoint port.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_elasticache_serverless_cache.example <resource ID>
```
