
---
page_title: "awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ElastiCache::GlobalReplicationGroup resource creates an Amazon ElastiCache Global Replication Group.
---

# awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group (Resource)

The AWS::ElastiCache::GlobalReplicationGroup resource creates an Amazon ElastiCache Global Replication Group.

## Example Usage

### Global Redis Replication Group Configuration

Creates a global replication group for ElastiCache Redis with automatic failover enabled, configuring a primary replication group with two cache clusters and setting up global replication capabilities across regions.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Data sources for AWS region
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Create a primary replication group in one region
resource "aws_elasticache_replication_group" "primary" {
  replication_group_id = "example-primary"
  description          = "Primary replication group"
  engine               = "redis"
  engine_version       = "6.x"
  node_type            = "cache.t3.micro"
  num_cache_clusters   = 2
  port                 = 6379

  automatic_failover_enabled = true

  tags = {
    "Modified By" = "AWSCC"
  }
}

# Create the global replication group
resource "awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group" "example" {
  global_replication_group_id_suffix   = "example-global"
  global_replication_group_description = "Example Global Replication Group"

  engine_version  = "6.x"
  cache_node_type = "cache.t3.micro"
  engine          = "redis"

  automatic_failover_enabled = true
  global_node_group_count    = 1

  members = [
    {
      replication_group_id     = aws_elasticache_replication_group.primary.id
      replication_group_region = data.aws_region.current.name
      role                     = "PRIMARY"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `members` (Attributes List) The replication groups that comprise the Global Datastore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))

### Optional

- `automatic_failover_enabled` (Boolean) AutomaticFailoverEnabled
- `cache_node_type` (String) The cache node type of the Global Datastore
- `cache_parameter_group_name` (String) Cache parameter group name to use for the new engine version. This parameter cannot be modified independently.
- `engine` (String) The engine of the Global Datastore.
- `engine_version` (String) The engine version of the Global Datastore.
- `global_node_group_count` (Number) Indicates the number of node groups in the Global Datastore.
- `global_replication_group_description` (String) The optional description of the Global Datastore
- `global_replication_group_id_suffix` (String) The suffix name of a Global Datastore. Amazon ElastiCache automatically applies a prefix to the Global Datastore ID when it is created. Each AWS Region has its own prefix.
- `regional_configurations` (Attributes List) Describes the replication group IDs, the AWS regions where they are stored and the shard configuration for each that comprise the Global Datastore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regional_configurations))

### Read-Only

- `global_replication_group_id` (String) The name of the Global Datastore, it is generated by ElastiCache adding a prefix to GlobalReplicationGroupIdSuffix.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the Global Datastore

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Optional:

- `replication_group_id` (String) Regionally unique identifier for the member i.e. ReplicationGroupId.
- `replication_group_region` (String) The AWS region of the Global Datastore member.
- `role` (String) Indicates the role of the member, primary or secondary.


<a id="nestedatt--regional_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regional_configurations`

Optional:

- `replication_group_id` (String) The replication group id of the Global Datastore member.
- `replication_group_region` (String) The AWS region of the Global Datastore member.
- `resharding_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of PreferredAvailabilityZones objects that specifies the configuration of a node group in the resharded cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regional_configurations--resharding_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--regional_configurations--resharding_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regional_configurations.resharding_configurations`

Optional:

- `node_group_id` (String) Unique identifier for the Node Group. This is either auto-generated by ElastiCache (4-digit id) or a user supplied id.
- `preferred_availability_zones` (List of String) A list of preferred availability zones for the nodes of new node groups.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_elasticache_global_replication_group.example "global_replication_group_id"
```
