---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_elasticache_cache_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::ElastiCache::CacheCluster
---

# awscc_elasticache_cache_cluster (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::ElastiCache::CacheCluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_node_type` (String) The compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the node group (shard).
- `engine` (String) The name of the cache engine to be used for this cluster.
- `num_cache_nodes` (Number) The number of cache nodes that the cache cluster should have.

### Optional

- `auto_minor_version_upgrade` (Boolean) If you are running Redis engine version 6.0 or later, set this parameter to yes if you want to opt-in to the next minor version upgrade campaign.
- `az_mode` (String) Specifies whether the nodes in this Memcached cluster are created in a single Availability Zone or created across multiple Availability Zones in the cluster's region.
- `cache_parameter_group_name` (String) The name of the parameter group to associate with this cluster.
- `cache_security_group_names` (Set of String) A list of security group names to associate with this cluster.
- `cache_subnet_group_name` (String) The name of the subnet group to be used for the cluster.
- `cluster_name` (String) A name for the cache cluster.
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the cache engine to be used for this cluster
- `ip_discovery` (String) The Ip Discovery parameter for cachecluster.
- `log_delivery_configurations` (Attributes List) Specifies the destination, format and type of the logs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations))
- `network_type` (String) The network type parameter for cachecluster.
- `notification_topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) topic to which notifications are sent.
- `port` (Number) The port number on which each of the cache nodes accepts connections.
- `preferred_availability_zone` (String) The EC2 Availability Zone in which the cluster is created.
- `preferred_availability_zones` (List of String) A list of the Availability Zones in which cache nodes are created. The order of the zones in the list is not important.
- `preferred_maintenance_window` (String) Specifies the weekly time range during which maintenance on the cluster is performed.
- `snapshot_arns` (Set of String) A single-element string list containing an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that uniquely identifies a Redis RDB snapshot file stored in Amazon S3.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The name of a Redis snapshot from which to restore data into the new node group (shard).
- `snapshot_retention_limit` (Number) The number of days for which ElastiCache retains automatic snapshots before deleting them.
- `snapshot_window` (String) The daily time range (in UTC) during which ElastiCache begins taking a daily snapshot of your node group (shard).
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to be added to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `transit_encryption_enabled` (Boolean) A flag that enables in-transit encryption when set to true. You cannot modify the value of TransitEncryptionEnabled after the cluster is created
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (List of String) One or more VPC security groups associated with the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `configuration_endpoint` (Attributes) Specifies the ConfigurationEndpoint address and port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration_endpoint))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `redis_endpoint` (Attributes) Specifies the RedisEndPoint address and port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redis_endpoint))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configurations`

Optional:

- `destination_details` (Attributes) Configuration details of either a CloudWatch Logs destination or Kinesis Data Firehose destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details))
- `destination_type` (String) Specify either CloudWatch Logs or Kinesis Data Firehose as the destination type.
- `log_format` (String) Valid values are either json or text
- `log_type` (String) Valid value is either slow-log, which refers to slow-log or engine-log

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configurations.destination_details`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs_details` (Attributes) The configuration details of the CloudWatch Logs destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details--cloudwatch_logs_details))
- `kinesis_firehose_details` (Attributes) The configuration details of the Kinesis Data Firehose destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details--kinesis_firehose_details))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details--cloudwatch_logs_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configurations.destination_details.cloudwatch_logs_details`

Optional:

- `log_group` (String) The name of the CloudWatch Logs log group.


<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery_configurations--destination_details--kinesis_firehose_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery_configurations.destination_details.kinesis_firehose_details`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream` (String) The name of the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `port` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--redis_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redis_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `port` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_elasticache_cache_cluster.example
  identity = {
    cluster_name = "cluster_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) A name for the cache cluster

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_elasticache_cache_cluster.example
  id = "cluster_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_elasticache_cache_cluster.example "cluster_name"
```
