---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_elasticache_user Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ElastiCache::User
---

# awscc_elasticache_user (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ElastiCache::User



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `engine` (String) Must be redis.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user.
- `user_name` (String) The username of the user.

### Optional

- `access_string` (String) Access permissions string used for this user account.
- `authentication_mode` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication_mode))
- `no_password_required` (Boolean) Indicates a password is not required for this user account.
- `passwords` (List of String) Passwords used for this user account. You can create up to two passwords for each user.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user account.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Indicates the user status. Can be "active", "modifying" or "deleting".

<a id="nestedatt--authentication_mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication_mode`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication Type

Optional:

- `passwords` (List of String) Passwords used for this user account. You can create up to two passwords for each user.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with 'aws:'. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_elasticache_user.example <resource ID>
```
