---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_elasticloadbalancing_load_balancer Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer
---

# awscc_elasticloadbalancing_load_balancer (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `listeners` (Attributes List) The Listeners for the load balancer. You can specify at most one listener per port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))

### Optional

- `access_logging_policy` (Attributes) Information about where and how access logs are stored for the load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_logging_policy))
- `app_cookie_stickiness_policy` (Attributes List) Information about a policy for application-controlled session stickiness. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_cookie_stickiness_policy))
- `availability_zones` (List of String) The Availability Zones for a load balancer in a default VPC. For a load balancer in a nondefault VPC, specify Subnets instead.
- `connection_draining_policy` (Attributes) If enabled, the load balancer allows existing requests to complete before the load balancer shifts traffic away from a deregistered or unhealthy instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_draining_policy))
- `connection_settings` (Attributes) If enabled, the load balancer allows the connections to remain idle (no data is sent over the connection) for the specified duration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_settings))
- `cross_zone` (Boolean) If enabled, the load balancer routes the request traffic evenly across all instances regardless of the Availability Zones.
- `health_check` (Attributes) The health check settings to use when evaluating the health of your EC2 instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `instances` (List of String) The IDs of the instances for the load balancer.
- `lb_cookie_stickiness_policy` (Attributes List) Information about a policy for duration-based session stickiness. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lb_cookie_stickiness_policy))
- `load_balancer_name` (String) The name of the load balancer. This name must be unique within your set of load balancers for the region.
- `policies` (Attributes List) The policies defined for your Classic Load Balancer. Specify only back-end server policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `scheme` (String) The type of load balancer. Valid only for load balancers in a VPC.
- `security_groups` (List of String) The security groups for the load balancer. Valid only for load balancers in a VPC.
- `subnets` (List of String) The IDs of the subnets for the load balancer. You can specify at most one subnet per Availability Zone.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with a load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `canonical_hosted_zone_name` (String) The name of the Route 53 hosted zone that is associated with the load balancer. Internal-facing load balancers.
- `canonical_hosted_zone_name_id` (String) The ID of the Route 53 hosted zone name that is associated with the load balancer.
- `dns_name` (String) The DNS name for the load balancer
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `source_security_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_security_group))

<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Required:

- `instance_port` (String) The port on which the instance is listening.
- `load_balancer_port` (String) The port on which the load balancer is listening. On EC2-VPC, you can specify any port from the range 1-65535. On EC2-Classic, you can specify any port from the following list: 25, 80, 443, 465, 587, 1024-65535.
- `protocol` (String) The load balancer transport protocol to use for routing: HTTP, HTTPS, TCP, or SSL.

Optional:

- `instance_protocol` (String) The protocol to use for routing traffic to instances: HTTP, HTTPS, TCP, or SSL.

If the front-end protocol is TCP or SSL, the back-end protocol must be TCP or SSL. If the front-end protocol is HTTP or HTTPS, the back-end protocol must be HTTP or HTTPS.

If there is another listener with the same `InstancePort` whose `InstanceProtocol` is secure, (HTTPS or SSL), the listener's `InstanceProtocol` must also be secure.

If there is another listener with the same `InstancePort` whose `InstanceProtocol` is HTTP or TCP, the listener's `InstanceProtocol` must be HTTP or TCP.
- `policy_names` (List of String) The names of the policies to associate with the listener.
- `ssl_certificate_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the server certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--access_logging_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_logging_policy`

Optional:

- `emit_interval` (Number) The interval for publishing the access logs. You can specify an interval of either 5 minutes or 60 minutes.

Default: 60 minutes
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether access logs are enabled for the load balancer.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the access logs are stored.
- `s3_bucket_prefix` (String) The logical hierarchy you created for your Amazon S3 bucket, for example `my-bucket-prefix/prod`. If the prefix is not provided, the log is placed at the root level of the bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--app_cookie_stickiness_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_cookie_stickiness_policy`

Optional:

- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the application cookie used for stickiness.
- `policy_name` (String) The mnemonic name for the policy being created. The name must be unique within a set of policies for this load balancer.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_draining_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_draining_policy`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether connection draining is enabled for the load balancer.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum time, in seconds, to keep the existing connections open before deregistering the instances.


<a id="nestedatt--connection_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_settings`

Optional:

- `idle_timeout` (Number) The time, in seconds, that the connection is allowed to be idle (no data has been sent over the connection) before it is closed by the load balancer.


<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Optional:

- `healthy_threshold` (String) The number of consecutive health checks successes required before moving the instance to the `Healthy` state.
- `interval` (String) The approximate interval, in seconds, between health checks of an individual instance.
- `target` (String) The instance being checked.
- `timeout` (String) The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a failed health check.

This value must be less than the `Interval` value.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (String) The number of consecutive health check failures required before moving the instance to the `Unhealthy` state.


<a id="nestedatt--lb_cookie_stickiness_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lb_cookie_stickiness_policy`

Optional:

- `cookie_expiration_period` (String) The time period, in seconds, after which the cookie should be considered stale. If this parameter is not specified, the stickiness session lasts for the duration of the browser session.
- `policy_name` (String) The name of the policy. This name must be unique within the set of policies for this load balancer.


<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) The policy attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--attributes))
- `instance_ports` (List of String) The instance ports for the policy. Required only for some policy types.
- `load_balancer_ports` (List of String) The load balancer ports for the policy. Required only for some policy types.
- `policy_name` (String) The name of the policy.
- `policy_type` (String) The name of the policy type.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.attributes`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with `aws:`. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, `_`, `.`, `/`, `=`, `+`, and `-`.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length.


<a id="nestedatt--source_security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_security_group`

Read-Only:

- `group_name` (String) The name of the security group that you can use as part of your inbound rules for your load balancer's back-end instances.
- `owner_alias` (String) The owner of the source security group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_elasticloadbalancing_load_balancer.example
  identity = {
    load_balancer_name = "load_balancer_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `load_balancer_name` (String) The name of the load balancer

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_elasticloadbalancing_load_balancer.example
  id = "load_balancer_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_elasticloadbalancing_load_balancer.example "load_balancer_name"
```
