
---
page_title: "awscc_emr_wal_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::EMR::WALWorkspace Type
---

# awscc_emr_wal_workspace (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::EMR::WALWorkspace Type

## Example Usage

### EMR WAL Workspace Creation

Creates a WAL (Write Ahead Log) workspace in Amazon EMR with a specified name and tagged with AWSCC modifier for tracking purposes.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create an EMR WAL workspace
resource "awscc_emr_wal_workspace" "example" {
  wal_workspace_name = "examplewalworkspace"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `wal_workspace_name` (String) The name of the emrwal container

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_emr_wal_workspace.example
  id = "wal_workspace_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_emr_wal_workspace.example "wal_workspace_name"
```
