---
page_title: "awscc_emrserverless_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::EMRServerless::Application Type
---

# awscc_emrserverless_application (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::EMRServerless::Application Type

## Example Usage

### EMR Serverless cluster with Spark

```terraform
resource "awscc_emrserverless_application" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  release_label = "emr-7.1.0"
  type          = "Spark"
  architecture  = "X86_64"

  network_configuration = {
    security_group_ids = ["sg-0f75e03716b3442c0"]
    subnet_ids         = ["subnet-0e3cd1df31dgb5e6c"] # private subnet
  }
  auto_start_configuration = {
    enabled = true
  }
  auto_stop_configuration = {
    enabled              = true
    idle_timeout_minutes = 10
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### EMR Serverless cluster with Hive

```terraform
resource "awscc_emrserverless_application" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  release_label = "emr-7.1.0"
  type          = "Hive"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### EMR Serverless cluster with initial capacity specified

```terraform
resource "awscc_emrserverless_application" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  release_label = "emr-7.1.0"
  type          = "Hive"
  initial_capacity = [
    {
      key = "HiveDriver"
      value = {
        worker_count = 1
        worker_configuration = {
          cpu    = "2 vCPU"
          memory = "10 GB"
        }
      }
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### EMR Serverless cluster with maximum capacity specified

```terraform
resource "awscc_emrserverless_application" "example" {
  name          = "example"
  release_label = "emr-7.1.0"
  type          = "Hive"
  maximum_capacity = {
    cpu    = "2 vCPU"
    memory = "10 GB"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `release_label` (String) EMR release label.
- `type` (String) The type of the application

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The cpu architecture of an application.
- `auto_start_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for Auto Start of Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_start_configuration))
- `auto_stop_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for Auto Stop of Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_stop_configuration))
- `image_configuration` (Attributes) The image configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_configuration))
- `initial_capacity` (Attributes Set) Initial capacity initialized when an Application is started. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_capacity))
- `maximum_capacity` (Attributes) Maximum allowed cumulative resources for an Application. No new resources will be created once the limit is hit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maximum_capacity))
- `name` (String) User friendly Application name.
- `network_configuration` (Attributes) Network Configuration for customer VPC connectivity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tag map with key and value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `worker_type_specifications` (Attributes Map) The key-value pairs that specify worker type to WorkerTypeSpecificationInput. This parameter must contain all valid worker types for a Spark or Hive application. Valid worker types include Driver and Executor for Spark applications and HiveDriver and TezTask for Hive applications. You can either set image details in this parameter for each worker type, or in imageConfiguration for all worker types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker_type_specifications))

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the EMR Serverless Application.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EMR Serverless Application.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_start_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_start_configuration`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the Application will automatically start. Defaults to true.


<a id="nestedatt--auto_stop_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_stop_configuration`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the Application will automatically stop after being idle. Defaults to true.
- `idle_timeout_minutes` (Number) The amount of time [in minutes] to wait before auto stopping the Application when idle. Defaults to 15 minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--image_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_configuration`

Optional:

- `image_uri` (String) The URI of an image in the Amazon ECR registry. This field is required when you create a new application. If you leave this field blank in an update, Amazon EMR will remove the image configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--initial_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_capacity`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Worker type for an analytics framework.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_capacity--value))

<a id="nestedatt--initial_capacity--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_capacity.value`

Optional:

- `worker_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_capacity--value--worker_configuration))
- `worker_count` (Number) Initial count of workers to be initialized when an Application is started. This count will be continued to be maintained until the Application is stopped

<a id="nestedatt--initial_capacity--value--worker_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_capacity.value.worker_configuration`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) Per worker CPU resource. vCPU is the only supported unit and specifying vCPU is optional.
- `disk` (String) Per worker Disk resource. GB is the only supported unit and specifying GB is optional
- `memory` (String) Per worker memory resource. GB is the only supported unit and specifying GB is optional.




<a id="nestedatt--maximum_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maximum_capacity`

Optional:

- `cpu` (String) Per worker CPU resource. vCPU is the only supported unit and specifying vCPU is optional.
- `disk` (String) Per worker Disk resource. GB is the only supported unit and specifying GB is optional
- `memory` (String) Per worker memory resource. GB is the only supported unit and specifying GB is optional.


<a id="nestedatt--network_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_configuration`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The ID of the security groups in the VPC to which you want to connect your job or application.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The ID of the subnets in the VPC to which you want to connect your job or application.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--worker_type_specifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker_type_specifications`

Optional:

- `image_configuration` (Attributes) The image configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker_type_specifications--image_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--worker_type_specifications--image_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker_type_specifications.image_configuration`

Optional:

- `image_uri` (String) The URI of an image in the Amazon ECR registry. This field is required when you create a new application. If you leave this field blank in an update, Amazon EMR will remove the image configuration.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_emrserverless_application.example "application_id"
```