
---
page_title: "awscc_entityresolution_schema_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SchemaMapping defined in AWS Entity Resolution service
---

# awscc_entityresolution_schema_mapping (Resource)

SchemaMapping defined in AWS Entity Resolution service

## Example Usage

### Entity Resolution Schema Mapping for Customer Data

Creates an Entity Resolution schema mapping that defines how customer data fields (ID, name, email, and address) are mapped and matched, with email being hashed for security and address grouped under contact information.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_entityresolution_schema_mapping" "example" {
  schema_name = "example-schema-mapping"
  description = "Example schema mapping for customer data"

  mapped_input_fields = [
    {
      field_name = "id"
      type       = "UNIQUE_ID"
    },
    {
      field_name = "name"
      type       = "NAME"
      match_key  = "NAME"
    },
    {
      field_name = "email"
      type       = "EMAIL_ADDRESS"
      match_key  = "EMAIL"
      hashed     = true
    },
    {
      field_name = "address"
      type       = "ADDRESS"
      match_key  = "ADDRESS"
      group_name = "contact"
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mapped_input_fields` (Attributes List) The SchemaMapping attributes input (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mapped_input_fields))
- `schema_name` (String) The name of the SchemaMapping

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the SchemaMapping
- `tags` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time of this SchemaMapping got created
- `has_workflows` (Boolean) The boolean value that indicates whether or not a SchemaMapping has MatchingWorkflows that are associated with
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `schema_arn` (String) The SchemaMapping arn associated with the Schema
- `updated_at` (String) The time of this SchemaMapping got last updated at

<a id="nestedatt--mapped_input_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mapped_input_fields`

Required:

- `field_name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `group_name` (String)
- `hashed` (Boolean)
- `match_key` (String)
- `sub_type` (String) The subtype of the Attribute. Would be required only when type is PROVIDER_ID


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_entityresolution_schema_mapping.example
  id = "schema_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_entityresolution_schema_mapping.example "schema_name"
```
