---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_events_event_bus_policy Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Events::EventBusPolicy
---

# awscc_events_event_bus_policy (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Events::EventBusPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `statement_id` (String) An identifier string for the external account that you are granting permissions to

### Optional

- `action` (String) The action that you are enabling the other account to perform.
- `condition` (Attributes) This parameter enables you to limit the permission to accounts that fulfill a certain condition, such as being a member of a certain AWS organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--condition))
- `event_bus_name` (String) The name of the event bus associated with the rule. If you omit this, the default event bus is used.
- `principal` (String) The 12-digit AWS account ID that you are permitting to put events to your default event bus. Specify "*" to permit any account to put events to your default event bus.
- `statement` (String) A JSON string that describes the permission policy statement. You can include a Policy parameter in the request instead of using the StatementId, Action, Principal, or Condition parameters.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Specifies the value for the key. Currently, this must be the ID of the organization.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of condition. Currently the only supported value is StringEquals.
- `value` (String) Specifies the key for the condition. Currently the only supported key is aws:PrincipalOrgID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_events_event_bus_policy.example
  identity = {
    event_bus_name = "event_bus_name"
    statement_id   = "statement_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `event_bus_name` (String) The name of the event bus associated with the rule
- `statement_id` (String) An identifier string for the external account that you are granting permissions to

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_events_event_bus_policy.example
  id = "event_bus_name|statement_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_events_event_bus_policy.example "event_bus_name|statement_id"
```
