---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_evidently_experiment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Evidently::Experiment.
---

# awscc_evidently_experiment (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Evidently::Experiment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metric_goals` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metric_goals))
- `name` (String)
- `online_ab_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--online_ab_config))
- `project` (String)
- `treatments` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--treatments))

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `randomization_salt` (String)
- `running_status` (Attributes) Start Experiment. Default is False (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--running_status))
- `sampling_rate` (Number)
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--metric_goals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_goals`

Required:

- `desired_change` (String)
- `entity_id_key` (String) The JSON path to reference the entity id in the event.
- `event_pattern` (String) Event patterns have the same structure as the events they match. Rules use event patterns to select events. An event pattern either matches an event or it doesn't.
- `metric_name` (String)
- `unit_label` (String)
- `value_key` (String) The JSON path to reference the numerical metric value in the event.


<a id="nestedatt--online_ab_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `online_ab_config`

Required:

- `control_treatment_name` (String)
- `treatment_weights` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--online_ab_config--treatment_weights))

<a id="nestedatt--online_ab_config--treatment_weights"></a>
### Nested Schema for `online_ab_config.treatment_weights`

Required:

- `split_weight` (Number)
- `treatment` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--treatments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `treatments`

Required:

- `description` (String)
- `feature` (String)
- `treatment_name` (String)
- `variation` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--running_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `running_status`

Optional:

- `analysis_complete_time` (String) Provide the analysis Completion time for an experiment
- `desired_state` (String) Provide CANCELLED or COMPLETED desired state when stopping an experiment
- `reason` (String) Reason is a required input for stopping the experiment
- `status` (String) Provide START or STOP action to apply on an experiment


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_evidently_experiment.example <resource ID>
```
