---
page_title: "awscc_fis_experiment_template Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::FIS::ExperimentTemplate
---

# awscc_fis_experiment_template (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::FIS::ExperimentTemplate

## Example Usage

### Basic usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_fis_experiment_template" "example" {
  description = "example"
  role_arn    = var.fis_role_arn

  tags = {
    "Name" = "example"
  }

  stop_conditions = [{
    source = "none"
  }]

  actions = {
    action_1 = {
      name        = "example-action"
      action_id   = "aws:ec2:terminate-instances"
      description = "example action"

      targets = {
        "Instances" = "example-target"
      }
    }
  }


  targets = {
    example-target = {
      name           = "example-target"
      resource_type  = "aws:ec2:instance"
      selection_mode = "COUNT(1)"
      resource_tags = {
        "Name" = "fis"
      }
    }
  }

  experiment_options = {
    empty_target_resolution_mode = "fail"
  }

}

variable "fis_role_arn" {
  type        = string
  description = "Role ARN for FIS"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) A description for the experiment template.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that grants the AWS FIS service permission to perform service actions on your behalf.
- `stop_conditions` (Attributes List) One or more stop conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stop_conditions))
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `targets` (Attributes Map) The targets for the experiment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

### Optional

- `actions` (Attributes Map) The actions for the experiment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `experiment_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--experiment_options))
- `log_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `experiment_template_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--stop_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stop_conditions`

Required:

- `source` (String)

Optional:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--filters))
- `parameters` (Map of String)
- `resource_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the target resources.
- `resource_tags` (Map of String)
- `resource_type` (String) The AWS resource type. The resource type must be supported for the specified action.
- `selection_mode` (String) Scopes the identified resources to a specific number of the resources at random, or a percentage of the resources.

<a id="nestedatt--targets--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.filters`

Required:

- `path` (String) The attribute path for the filter.
- `values` (List of String) The attribute values for the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `action_id` (String) The ID of the action.
- `description` (String) A description for the action.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the action, if applicable.
- `start_after` (List of String) The names of the actions that must be completed before the current action starts.
- `targets` (Map of String) One or more targets for the action.


<a id="nestedatt--experiment_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `experiment_options`

Optional:

- `account_targeting` (String) The account targeting setting for the experiment template.
- `empty_target_resolution_mode` (String) The target resolution failure mode for the experiment template.


<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration`

Required:

- `log_schema_version` (Number)

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration--cloudwatch_logs_configuration))
- `s3_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration--s3_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration--cloudwatch_logs_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration.cloudwatch_logs_configuration`

Required:

- `log_group_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration--s3_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration.s3_configuration`

Required:

- `bucket_name` (String)

Optional:

- `prefix` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_fis_experiment_template.example <resource ID>
```