
---
page_title: "awscc_forecast_dataset Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type Definition for AWS::Forecast::Dataset
---

# awscc_forecast_dataset (Resource)

Resource Type Definition for AWS::Forecast::Dataset

## Example Usage

### Retail Time Series Forecast Dataset

Creates an Amazon Forecast dataset for retail domain with daily time series data, configured with essential schema attributes for timestamp, demand, and item identification.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example Forecast Dataset
resource "awscc_forecast_dataset" "example" {
  dataset_name   = "exampleForecastDataset"
  dataset_type   = "TARGET_TIME_SERIES"
  domain         = "RETAIL"
  data_frequency = "D" # Daily frequency

  schema = {
    attributes = [
      {
        attribute_name = "timestamp"
        attribute_type = "timestamp"
      },
      {
        attribute_name = "demand"
        attribute_type = "float"
      },
      {
        attribute_name = "item_id"
        attribute_type = "string"
      }
    ]
  }

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "Production"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_name` (String) A name for the dataset
- `dataset_type` (String) The dataset type
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the dataset
- `schema` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema))

### Optional

- `data_frequency` (String) Frequency of data collection. This parameter is required for RELATED_TIME_SERIES
- `encryption_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema`

Optional:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema--attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--schema--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema.attributes`

Optional:

- `attribute_name` (String) Name of the dataset field
- `attribute_type` (String) Data type of the field



<a id="nestedatt--encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_config`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) KMS key used to encrypt the Dataset data
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that Amazon Forecast can assume to access the AWS KMS key.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_forecast_dataset.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_forecast_dataset.example "arn"
```
