
---
page_title: "awscc_forecast_dataset_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a dataset group that holds a collection of related datasets
---

# awscc_forecast_dataset_group (Resource)

Represents a dataset group that holds a collection of related datasets

## Example Usage

### Create Retail Forecast Dataset Group

Creates an Amazon Forecast dataset group in the RETAIL domain with a specified name and tags for organizing business forecasting data.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example Forecast Dataset Group
resource "awscc_forecast_dataset_group" "example" {
  dataset_group_name = "exampleForecastDatasetGroup"
  domain             = "RETAIL" # Valid domains: RETAIL | CUSTOM | INVENTORY_PLANNING | EC2_CAPACITY | WORK_FORCE | WEB_TRAFFIC | METRICS
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_group_name` (String) A name for the dataset group.
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the dataset group. When you add a dataset to a dataset group, this value and the value specified for the Domain parameter of the CreateDataset operation must match.

### Optional

- `dataset_arns` (List of String) An array of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the datasets that you want to include in the dataset group.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags of Application Insights application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `dataset_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the dataset group to delete.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_forecast_dataset_group.example
  id = "dataset_group_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_forecast_dataset_group.example "dataset_group_arn"
```
