---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_gamelift_matchmaking_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::GameLift::MatchmakingConfiguration resource creates an Amazon GameLift (GameLift) matchmaking configuration.
---

# awscc_gamelift_matchmaking_configuration (Resource)

The AWS::GameLift::MatchmakingConfiguration resource creates an Amazon GameLift (GameLift) matchmaking configuration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acceptance_required` (Boolean) A flag that indicates whether a match that was created with this configuration must be accepted by the matched players
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for the matchmaking configuration.
- `request_timeout_seconds` (Number) The maximum duration, in seconds, that a matchmaking ticket can remain in process before timing out.
- `rule_set_name` (String) A unique identifier for the matchmaking rule set to use with this configuration.

### Optional

- `acceptance_timeout_seconds` (Number) The length of time (in seconds) to wait for players to accept a proposed match, if acceptance is required.
- `additional_player_count` (Number) The number of player slots in a match to keep open for future players.
- `backfill_mode` (String) The method used to backfill game sessions created with this matchmaking configuration.
- `creation_time` (String) A time stamp indicating when this data object was created.
- `custom_event_data` (String) Information to attach to all events related to the matchmaking configuration.
- `description` (String) A descriptive label that is associated with matchmaking configuration.
- `flex_match_mode` (String) Indicates whether this matchmaking configuration is being used with Amazon GameLift hosting or as a standalone matchmaking solution.
- `game_properties` (Attributes Set) A set of custom properties for a game session, formatted as key:value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_properties))
- `game_session_data` (String) A set of custom game session properties, formatted as a single string value.
- `game_session_queue_arns` (List of String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is assigned to a Amazon GameLift game session queue resource and uniquely identifies it.
- `notification_target` (String) An SNS topic ARN that is set up to receive matchmaking notifications.
- `rule_set_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the GameLift matchmaking rule set resource that this configuration uses.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is assigned to a Amazon GameLift matchmaking configuration resource and uniquely identifies it.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--game_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_properties`

Required:

- `key` (String) The game property identifier.
- `value` (String) The game property value.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_gamelift_matchmaking_configuration.example <resource ID>
```
