---
page_title: "awscc_gamelift_alias Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::GameLift::Alias resource creates an alias for an Amazon GameLift (GameLift) fleet destination.
---

# awscc_gamelift_alias (Resource)

The AWS::GameLift::Alias resource creates an alias for an Amazon GameLift (GameLift) fleet destination.

## Example Usage

### Simple alias

```terraform
resource "awscc_gamelift_alias" "example" {
  name        = "simple"
  description = "alias uses SIMPLE routing strategy"

  routing_strategy = {
    type     = "SIMPLE"
    fleet_id = awscc_gamelift_fleet.example.fleet_id
  }
}
```

### Terminal Alias

```terraform
resource "awscc_gamelift_alias" "example" {
  name        = "terminal"
  description = "alias uses TERMINAL routing strategy"

  routing_strategy = {
    type    = "TERMINAL"
    message = "Terminal routing strategy message"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A descriptive label that is associated with an alias. Alias names do not need to be unique.
- `routing_strategy` (Attributes) A routing configuration that specifies where traffic is directed for this alias, such as to a fleet or to a message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routing_strategy))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the alias.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `alias_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is assigned to a Amazon GameLift Alias resource and uniquely identifies it. ARNs are unique across all Regions. In a GameLift Alias ARN, the resource ID matches the AliasId value.
- `alias_id` (String) Unique alias ID
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--routing_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routing_strategy`

Required:

- `type` (String) Simple routing strategy. The alias resolves to one specific fleet. Use this type when routing to active fleets.

Optional:

- `fleet_id` (String) A unique identifier for a fleet that the alias points to. If you specify SIMPLE for the Type property, you must specify this property.
- `message` (String) The message text to be used with a terminal routing strategy. If you specify TERMINAL for the Type property, you must specify this property.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_gamelift_alias.example "alias_id"
```