
---
page_title: "awscc_gamelift_container_group_definition Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::GameLift::ContainerGroupDefinition resource creates an Amazon GameLift container group definition.
---

# awscc_gamelift_container_group_definition (Resource)

The AWS::GameLift::ContainerGroupDefinition resource creates an Amazon GameLift container group definition.

## Example Usage

### GameLift Container Group with Game Server and Monitoring

Creates an AWS GameLift container group that hosts a game server with UDP port 7000 and includes a monitoring support container, running on Amazon Linux 2023 with specified memory and vCPU limits.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current account ID
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Get current region
data "aws_region" "current" {}

resource "awscc_gamelift_container_group_definition" "example" {
  name                         = "example-container-group"
  operating_system             = "AMAZON_LINUX_2023"
  total_memory_limit_mebibytes = 1024
  total_vcpu_limit             = 2

  game_server_container_definition = {
    container_name     = "game-server"
    image_uri          = "${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}.dkr.ecr.${data.aws_region.current.name}.amazonaws.com/game-server:latest"
    server_sdk_version = "5.2.0"

    port_configuration = {
      container_port_ranges = [
        {
          from_port = 7000
          to_port   = 7000
          protocol  = "UDP"
        }
      ]
    }

    environment_override = [
      {
        name  = "GAME_PORT"
        value = "7000"
      }
    ]
  }

  support_container_definitions = [
    {
      container_name              = "monitoring"
      image_uri                   = "${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}.dkr.ecr.${data.aws_region.current.name}.amazonaws.com/monitoring:latest"
      essential                   = false
      memory_hard_limit_mebibytes = 512
      vcpu                        = 1

      health_check = {
        command      = ["/healthcheck.sh"]
        interval     = 60
        retries      = 5
        timeout      = 30
        start_period = 60
      }
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A descriptive label for the container group definition.
- `operating_system` (String) The operating system of the container group
- `total_memory_limit_mebibytes` (Number) The total memory limit of container groups following this definition in MiB
- `total_vcpu_limit` (Number) The total amount of virtual CPUs on the container group definition

### Optional

- `container_group_type` (String) The scope of the container group
- `game_server_container_definition` (Attributes) Specifies the information required to run game servers with this container group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition))
- `source_version_number` (Number) A specific ContainerGroupDefinition version to be updated
- `support_container_definitions` (Attributes Set) A collection of support container definitions that define the containers in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `version_description` (String) The description of this version

### Read-Only

- `container_group_definition_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that is assigned to a Amazon GameLift container group resource and uniquely identifies it across all AWS Regions.
- `creation_time` (String) A time stamp indicating when this data object was created. Format is a number expressed in Unix time as milliseconds (for example "1469498468.057").
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) A string indicating ContainerGroupDefinition status.
- `status_reason` (String) A string indicating the reason for ContainerGroupDefinition status.
- `version_number` (Number) The version of this ContainerGroupDefinition

<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition`

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) A descriptive label for the container definition. Container definition names must be unique with a container group definition.
- `depends_on` (Attributes List) A list of container dependencies that determines when this container starts up and shuts down. For container groups with multiple containers, dependencies let you define a startup/shutdown sequence across the containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--depends_on))
- `environment_override` (Attributes Set) The environment variables to pass to a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--environment_override))
- `image_uri` (String) Specifies the image URI of this container.
- `mount_points` (Attributes Set) A list of mount point configurations to be used in a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--mount_points))
- `port_configuration` (Attributes) Defines the ports on the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--port_configuration))
- `resolved_image_digest` (String) The digest of the container image.
- `server_sdk_version` (String) The version of the server SDK used in this container group

<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--depends_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition.depends_on`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) The type of dependency.
- `container_name` (String) A descriptive label for the container definition. The container being defined depends on this container's condition.


<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--environment_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition.environment_override`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable name.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--mount_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition.mount_points`

Optional:

- `access_level` (String) The access permissions for the mounted path.
- `container_path` (String) The path inside the container where the mount is accessible.
- `instance_path` (String) The path on the host that will be mounted in the container.


<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--port_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition.port_configuration`

Optional:

- `container_port_ranges` (Attributes Set) Specifies one or more ranges of ports on a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--port_configuration--container_port_ranges))

<a id="nestedatt--game_server_container_definition--port_configuration--container_port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `game_server_container_definition.port_configuration.container_port_ranges`

Optional:

- `from_port` (Number) A starting value for the range of allowed port numbers.
- `protocol` (String) Defines the protocol of these ports.
- `to_port` (Number) An ending value for the range of allowed port numbers. Port numbers are end-inclusive. This value must be equal to or greater than FromPort.




<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions`

Optional:

- `container_name` (String) A descriptive label for the container definition.
- `depends_on` (Attributes List) A list of container dependencies that determines when this container starts up and shuts down. For container groups with multiple containers, dependencies let you define a startup/shutdown sequence across the containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--depends_on))
- `environment_override` (Attributes Set) The environment variables to pass to a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--environment_override))
- `essential` (Boolean) Specifies if the container is essential. If an essential container fails a health check, then all containers in the container group will be restarted. You must specify exactly 1 essential container in a container group.
- `health_check` (Attributes) Specifies how the health of the containers will be checked. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--health_check))
- `image_uri` (String) Specifies the image URI of this container.
- `memory_hard_limit_mebibytes` (Number) The total memory limit of container groups following this definition in MiB
- `mount_points` (Attributes Set) A list of mount point configurations to be used in a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--mount_points))
- `port_configuration` (Attributes) Defines the ports on the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--port_configuration))
- `resolved_image_digest` (String) The digest of the container image.
- `vcpu` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs to give to the support group

<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--depends_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.depends_on`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) The type of dependency.
- `container_name` (String) A descriptive label for the container definition. The container being defined depends on this container's condition.


<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--environment_override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.environment_override`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The environment variable name.
- `value` (String) The environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.health_check`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) A string array representing the command that the container runs to determine if it is healthy.
- `interval` (Number) How often (in seconds) the health is checked.
- `retries` (Number) How many times the process manager will retry the command after a timeout. (The first run of the command does not count as a retry.)
- `start_period` (Number) The optional grace period (in seconds) to give a container time to boostrap before teh health check is declared failed.
- `timeout` (Number) How many seconds the process manager allows the command to run before canceling it.


<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--mount_points"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.mount_points`

Optional:

- `access_level` (String) The access permissions for the mounted path.
- `container_path` (String) The path inside the container where the mount is accessible.
- `instance_path` (String) The path on the host that will be mounted in the container.


<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--port_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.port_configuration`

Optional:

- `container_port_ranges` (Attributes Set) Specifies one or more ranges of ports on a container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--support_container_definitions--port_configuration--container_port_ranges))

<a id="nestedatt--support_container_definitions--port_configuration--container_port_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `support_container_definitions.port_configuration.container_port_ranges`

Optional:

- `from_port` (Number) A starting value for the range of allowed port numbers.
- `protocol` (String) Defines the protocol of these ports.
- `to_port` (Number) An ending value for the range of allowed port numbers. Port numbers are end-inclusive. This value must be equal to or greater than FromPort.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_gamelift_container_group_definition.example "name"
```
