---
page_title: "awscc_globalaccelerator_endpoint_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::GlobalAccelerator::EndpointGroup
---

# awscc_globalaccelerator_endpoint_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::GlobalAccelerator::EndpointGroup

## Example Usage

Basic Usage:
```terraform
resource "awscc_globalaccelerator_listener" "example" {
  accelerator_arn = awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator.example.id
  protocol        = "TCP"

  port_ranges = [{
    from_port = "80"
    to_port   = "80"
  }]
}
```

With accelerator and endpoint group:
```terraform
resource "awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator" "example" {
  name            = "Example"
  ip_address_type = "IPV4"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_globalaccelerator_listener" "example" {
  accelerator_arn = awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator.example.id
  protocol        = "TCP"

  port_ranges = [{
    from_port = "80"
    to_port   = "80"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_globalaccelerator_endpoint_group" "example" {
  endpoint_group_region = "eu-west-1"
  listener_arn          = awscc_globalaccelerator_listener.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_group_region` (String) The name of the AWS Region where the endpoint group is located
- `listener_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the listener

### Optional

- `endpoint_configurations` (Attributes List) The list of endpoint objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_configurations))
- `health_check_interval_seconds` (Number) The time in seconds between each health check for an endpoint. Must be a value of 10 or 30
- `health_check_path` (String)
- `health_check_port` (Number) The port that AWS Global Accelerator uses to check the health of endpoints in this endpoint group.
- `health_check_protocol` (String) The protocol that AWS Global Accelerator uses to check the health of endpoints in this endpoint group.
- `port_overrides` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_overrides))
- `threshold_count` (Number) The number of consecutive health checks required to set the state of the endpoint to unhealthy.
- `traffic_dial_percentage` (Number) The percentage of traffic to sent to an AWS Region

### Read-Only

- `endpoint_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint group
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_configurations`

Optional:

- `attachment_arn` (String) Attachment ARN that provides access control to the cross account endpoint. Not required for resources hosted in the same account as the endpoint group.
- `client_ip_preservation_enabled` (Boolean) true if client ip should be preserved
- `endpoint_id` (String) Id of the endpoint. For Network/Application Load Balancer this value is the ARN.  For EIP, this value is the allocation ID.  For EC2 instances, this is the EC2 instance ID
- `weight` (Number) The weight for the endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--port_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_overrides`

Optional:

- `endpoint_port` (Number) A network port number
- `listener_port` (Number) A network port number

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_globalaccelerator_endpoint_group.example
  id = "endpoint_group_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_globalaccelerator_endpoint_group.example "endpoint_group_arn"
```