---
page_title: "awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Accelerator
---

# awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Accelerator

## Example Usage

### First example
```terraform
resource "awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator" "example" {
  name            = "Example"
  ip_address_type = "IPV4"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of accelerator.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether an accelerator is enabled. The value is true or false.
- `ip_address_type` (String) IP Address type.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) The IP addresses from BYOIP Prefix pool.
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `accelerator_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the accelerator.
- `dns_name` (String) The Domain Name System (DNS) name that Global Accelerator creates that points to your accelerator's static IPv4 addresses.
- `dual_stack_dns_name` (String) The Domain Name System (DNS) name that Global Accelerator creates that points to your accelerator's static IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ipv_4_addresses` (List of String) The IPv4 addresses assigned to the accelerator.
- `ipv_6_addresses` (List of String) The IPv6 addresses assigned if the accelerator is dualstack

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key of the tag. Value can be 1 to 127 characters.
- `value` (String) Value for the tag. Value can be 1 to 255 characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_globalaccelerator_accelerator.example "accelerator_arn"
```