---
page_title: "awscc_glue_trigger Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Trigger
---

# awscc_glue_trigger (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Trigger

## Example Usage

### Example ON DEMAND trigger

```terraform
resource "awscc_glue_trigger" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "example for on demand trigger"

  type = "ON_DEMAND"
  actions = [{
    job_name = "test_job"
  }]

}
```

### Example SCHEDULED trigger

```terraform
resource "awscc_glue_trigger" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "example for on demand trigger"

  type     = "SCHEDULED"
  schedule = "cron(0 */2 * * ? *)"
  actions = [{
    job_name = "test_job",
    arguments = jsonencode(
      {
        "--job-bookmark-option" : "job-bookmark-enable"
      }
    )
  }]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Attributes List) The actions initiated by this trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `type` (String) The type of trigger that this is.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of this trigger.
- `event_batching_condition` (Attributes) Batch condition that must be met (specified number of events received or batch time window expired) before EventBridge event trigger fires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_batching_condition))
- `name` (String) The name of the trigger.
- `predicate` (Attributes) The predicate of this trigger, which defines when it will fire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predicate))
- `schedule` (String) A cron expression used to specify the schedule.
- `start_on_creation` (Boolean) Set to true to start SCHEDULED and CONDITIONAL triggers when created. True is not supported for ON_DEMAND triggers.
- `tags` (String) The tags to use with this trigger.
- `workflow_name` (String) The name of the workflow associated with the trigger.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Optional:

- `arguments` (String) The job arguments used when this trigger fires. For this job run, they replace the default arguments set in the job definition itself.
- `crawler_name` (String) The name of the crawler to be used with this action.
- `job_name` (String) The name of a job to be executed.
- `notification_property` (Attributes) Specifies configuration properties of a job run notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions--notification_property))
- `security_configuration` (String) The name of the SecurityConfiguration structure to be used with this action.
- `timeout` (Number) The JobRun timeout in minutes. This is the maximum time that a job run can consume resources before it is terminated and enters TIMEOUT status. The default is 2,880 minutes (48 hours). This overrides the timeout value set in the parent job.

<a id="nestedatt--actions--notification_property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions.notification_property`

Optional:

- `notify_delay_after` (Number) After a job run starts, the number of minutes to wait before sending a job run delay notification



<a id="nestedatt--event_batching_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_batching_condition`

Optional:

- `batch_size` (Number) Number of events that must be received from Amazon EventBridge before EventBridge event trigger fires.
- `batch_window` (Number) Window of time in seconds after which EventBridge event trigger fires. Window starts when first event is received.


<a id="nestedatt--predicate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predicate`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) A list of the conditions that determine when the trigger will fire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predicate--conditions))
- `logical` (String) An optional field if only one condition is listed. If multiple conditions are listed, then this field is required.

<a id="nestedatt--predicate--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predicate.conditions`

Optional:

- `crawl_state` (String) The state of the crawler to which this condition applies.
- `crawler_name` (String) The name of the crawler to which this condition applies.
- `job_name` (String) The name of the job whose JobRuns this condition applies to, and on which this trigger waits.
- `logical_operator` (String) A logical operator.
- `state` (String) The condition state. Currently, the values supported are SUCCEEDED, STOPPED, TIMEOUT, and FAILED.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_trigger.example "name"
```