---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_user_defined_function Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a user-defined function (UDF) definition in the AWS Glue Data Catalog.
---

# awscc_glue_user_defined_function (Resource)

Represents a user-defined function (UDF) definition in the AWS Glue Data Catalog.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the catalog database in which the function is located.
- `function_name` (String) The name of the function.

### Optional

- `class_name` (String) The Java class that contains the function code.
- `function_type` (String) The type of the function.
- `owner_name` (String) The owner of the function.
- `owner_type` (String) The owner type.
- `resource_uris` (Attributes List) The resource URIs for the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_uris))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user-defined function.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--resource_uris"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_uris`

Optional:

- `resource_type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `uri` (String) The URI for accessing the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_user_defined_function.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the user-defined function

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_user_defined_function.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_user_defined_function.example "arn"
```
