---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_blueprint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Blueprint. Registers a blueprint with AWS Glue.
---

# awscc_glue_blueprint (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Blueprint. Registers a blueprint with AWS Glue.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `blueprint_location` (String) Specifies a path in Amazon S3 where the blueprint is published.
- `name` (String) The name of the blueprint.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the blueprint.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags to be applied to this blueprint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the blueprint.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the blueprint was registered.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_on` (String) The date and time the blueprint was last modified.
- `parameter_spec` (String) A JSON string that indicates the list of parameter specifications for the blueprint.
- `status` (String) The status of the blueprint registration.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_blueprint.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the blueprint

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_blueprint.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_blueprint.example "arn"
```
