---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_integration_resource_property Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::IntegrationResourceProperty
---

# awscc_glue_integration_resource_property (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::IntegrationResourceProperty



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_arn` (String) The connection ARN of the source, or the database ARN of the target.

### Optional

- `source_processing_properties` (Attributes) The resource properties associated with the integration source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_processing_properties))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_processing_properties` (Attributes) The resource properties associated with the integration target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_processing_properties))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `resource_property_arn` (String) The integration resource property ARN.

<a id="nestedatt--source_processing_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_processing_properties`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role to access the Glue connection.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--target_processing_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_processing_properties`

Optional:

- `connection_name` (String) The Glue network connection to configure the Glue job running in the customer VPC.
- `event_bus_arn` (String) The ARN of an Eventbridge event bus to receive the integration status notification.
- `kms_arn` (String) The ARN of the KMS key used for encryption.
- `role_arn` (String) The IAM role to access the Glue database.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_integration_resource_property.example
  identity = {
    resource_arn          = "resource_arn"
    resource_property_arn = "resource_property_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `resource_arn` (String) The connection ARN of the source, or the database ARN of the target
- `resource_property_arn` (String) The integration resource property ARN

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_integration_resource_property.example
  id = "resource_arn|resource_property_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_integration_resource_property.example "resource_arn|resource_property_arn"
```
