
---
page_title: "awscc_glue_database Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Database
---

# awscc_glue_database (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Database

## Example Usage

### Create AWS Glue Database with Default Permissions

Creates an AWS Glue database with customized table default permissions, allowing SELECT, ALTER, and DROP actions for IAM principals, while storing the database content in an S3 location.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Glue Database Example
resource "awscc_glue_database" "example" {
  catalog_id = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  database_input = {
    name        = "example_database"
    description = "Example AWS Glue Database created using AWSCC provider"
    parameters = jsonencode({
      "classification" = "example"
      "purpose"        = "testing"
    })
    create_table_default_permissions = [
      {
        permissions = ["SELECT", "ALTER", "DROP"]
        principal = {
          data_lake_principal_identifier = "IAM_ALLOWED_PRINCIPALS"
        }
      }
    ]
    location_uri = "s3://example-bucket-${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}-${data.aws_region.current.name}/databases/example_database"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `catalog_id` (String) The AWS account ID for the account in which to create the catalog object.
- `database_input` (Attributes) The metadata for the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_input))

### Optional

- `database_name` (String) The name of the database. For hive compatibility, this is folded to lowercase when it is store.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--database_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_input`

Optional:

- `create_table_default_permissions` (Attributes List) Creates a set of default permissions on the table for principals. Used by AWS Lake Formation. Not used in the normal course of AWS Glue operations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_input--create_table_default_permissions))
- `description` (String) A description of the database.
- `federated_database` (Attributes) A FederatedDatabase structure that references an entity outside the AWS Glue Data Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_input--federated_database))
- `location_uri` (String) The location of the database (for example, an HDFS path).
- `name` (String) The name of the database. For hive compatibility, this is folded to lowercase when it is stored.
- `parameters` (String) These key-value pairs define parameters and properties of the database.
- `target_database` (Attributes) A DatabaseIdentifier structure that describes a target database for resource linking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_input--target_database))

<a id="nestedatt--database_input--create_table_default_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_input.create_table_default_permissions`

Optional:

- `permissions` (List of String) The permissions that are granted to the principal.
- `principal` (Attributes) The principal who is granted permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_input--create_table_default_permissions--principal))

<a id="nestedatt--database_input--create_table_default_permissions--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_input.create_table_default_permissions.principal`

Optional:

- `data_lake_principal_identifier` (String) An identifier for the AWS Lake Formation principal.



<a id="nestedatt--database_input--federated_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_input.federated_database`

Optional:

- `connection_name` (String) The name of the connection to the external metastore.
- `identifier` (String) A unique identifier for the federated database.


<a id="nestedatt--database_input--target_database"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_input.target_database`

Optional:

- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the Data Catalog in which the database resides.
- `database_name` (String) The name of the catalog database.
- `region` (String) Region of the target database.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_database.example "database_name"
```
