---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::DataCatalogEncryptionSettings
---

# awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::DataCatalogEncryptionSettings



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the Data Catalog in which the settings are created.
- `data_catalog_encryption_settings` (Attributes) Contains configuration information for maintaining Data Catalog security. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings`

Optional:

- `connection_password_encryption` (Attributes) When connection password protection is enabled, the Data Catalog uses a customer-provided key to encrypt the password as part of CreateConnection or UpdateConnection and store it in the ENCRYPTED_PASSWORD field in the connection properties. You can enable catalog encryption or only password encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--connection_password_encryption))
- `encryption_at_rest` (Attributes) Specifies the encryption-at-rest configuration for the Data Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--encryption_at_rest))

<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--connection_password_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings.connection_password_encryption`

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String) An AWS KMS key that is used to encrypt the connection password.
- `return_connection_password_encrypted` (Boolean) When the ReturnConnectionPasswordEncrypted flag is set to 'true', passwords remain encrypted in the responses of GetConnection and GetConnections. This encryption takes effect independently from catalog encryption.


<a id="nestedatt--data_catalog_encryption_settings--encryption_at_rest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_catalog_encryption_settings.encryption_at_rest`

Optional:

- `catalog_encryption_mode` (String) The encryption-at-rest mode for encrypting Data Catalog data.
- `catalog_encryption_service_role` (String) The role that AWS Glue assumes to encrypt and decrypt the Data Catalog objects on the caller's behalf.
- `sse_aws_kms_key_id` (String) The ID of the AWS KMS key to use for encryption at rest.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings.example
  identity = {
    catalog_id = "catalog_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the Data Catalog in which the settings are created

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings.example
  id = "catalog_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings.example "catalog_id"
```
