---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a catalog in the Glue Data Catalog.
---

# awscc_glue_catalog (Resource)

Creates a catalog in the Glue Data Catalog.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the catalog to create.

### Optional

- `allow_full_table_external_data_access` (String) Allows third-party engines to access data in Amazon S3 locations that are registered with Lake Formation.
- `catalog_properties` (Attributes) A structure that specifies data lake access properties and other custom properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_properties))
- `create_database_default_permissions` (Attributes List) An array of PrincipalPermissions objects for default database permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create_database_default_permissions))
- `create_table_default_permissions` (Attributes List) An array of PrincipalPermissions objects for default table permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create_table_default_permissions))
- `description` (String) A description of the catalog.
- `federated_catalog` (Attributes) A FederatedCatalog structure that references an entity outside the Glue Data Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--federated_catalog))
- `overwrite_child_resource_permissions_with_default` (String) Specifies whether to overwrite child resource permissions with the default permissions.
- `parameters` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs that define parameters and properties of the catalog.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_redshift_catalog` (Attributes) A structure that describes a target catalog for resource linking. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_redshift_catalog))

### Read-Only

- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the catalog.
- `create_time` (Number) The time at which the catalog was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `resource_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the catalog.
- `update_time` (Number) The time at which the catalog was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_properties`

Optional:

- `data_lake_access_properties` (Attributes) Data lake access properties for the catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--catalog_properties--data_lake_access_properties))

Read-Only:

- `custom_properties` (Map of String) Additional key-value properties for the catalog.

<a id="nestedatt--catalog_properties--data_lake_access_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog_properties.data_lake_access_properties`

Optional:

- `allow_full_table_external_data_access` (String) Allows third-party engines to access data in Amazon S3 locations that are registered with Lake Formation.
- `catalog_type` (String) Specifies a federated catalog type for the native catalog resource.
- `data_lake_access` (Boolean) Turns on or off data lake access for Apache Spark applications that access Amazon Redshift databases in the Data Catalog from any non-Redshift engine.
- `data_transfer_role` (String) A role that will be assumed by Glue for transferring data into/out of the staging bucket during a query.
- `kms_key` (String) An encryption key that will be used for the staging bucket that will be created along with the catalog.

Read-Only:

- `managed_workgroup_name` (String) The name of the managed workgroup associated with the catalog.
- `managed_workgroup_status` (String) The status of the managed workgroup.
- `redshift_database_name` (String) The name of the Redshift database.



<a id="nestedatt--create_database_default_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create_database_default_permissions`

Optional:

- `permissions` (List of String) The permissions that are granted to the principal.
- `principal` (Attributes) The Lake Formation principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create_database_default_permissions--principal))

<a id="nestedatt--create_database_default_permissions--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create_database_default_permissions.principal`

Optional:

- `data_lake_principal_identifier` (String) An identifier for the Lake Formation principal.



<a id="nestedatt--create_table_default_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create_table_default_permissions`

Optional:

- `permissions` (List of String) The permissions that are granted to the principal.
- `principal` (Attributes) The Lake Formation principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--create_table_default_permissions--principal))

<a id="nestedatt--create_table_default_permissions--principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create_table_default_permissions.principal`

Optional:

- `data_lake_principal_identifier` (String) An identifier for the Lake Formation principal.



<a id="nestedatt--federated_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `federated_catalog`

Optional:

- `connection_name` (String) The name of the connection to an external data source.
- `identifier` (String) A unique identifier for the federated catalog.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--target_redshift_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_redshift_catalog`

Optional:

- `catalog_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the catalog resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_catalog.example
  identity = {
    resource_arn = "resource_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `resource_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the catalog

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_catalog.example
  id = "resource_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_catalog.example "resource_arn"
```
