---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_glue_integration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Integration
---

# awscc_glue_integration (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Glue::Integration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database to use as the source for replication
- `target_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Glue data warehouse to use as the target for replication

### Optional

- `additional_encryption_context` (Map of String) An optional set of non-secret key value pairs that contains additional contextual information about the data.
- `data_filter` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `integration_config` (Attributes) The configuration settings for the integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration_config))
- `kms_key_id` (String) An KMS key identifier for the key to use to encrypt the integration. If you don't specify an encryption key, the default AWS owned KMS key is used.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) The time (UTC) when the integration was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `integration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the integration.
- `status` (String) The status of the integration.

<a id="nestedatt--integration_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration_config`

Optional:

- `continuous_sync` (Boolean) Enables continuous synchronization for on-demand data extractions.
- `refresh_interval` (String) Specifies the frequency at which CDC (Change Data Capture) pulls or incremental loads should occur.
- `source_properties` (Map of String) A collection of key-value pairs that specify additional properties for the integration source.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_integration.example
  identity = {
    integration_arn  = "integration_arn"
    integration_name = "integration_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `integration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the integration
- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_glue_integration.example
  id = "integration_arn|integration_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_glue_integration.example "integration_arn|integration_name"
```
