---
page_title: "awscc_grafana_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Grafana::Workspace Resource Type
---

# awscc_grafana_workspace (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Grafana::Workspace Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Basic Configuration with IAM role specification

```terraform
resource "awscc_grafana_workspace" "example" {
  account_access_type      = "CURRENT_ACCOUNT"
  name                     = "example"
  role_arn                 = awscc_iam_role.example.arn
  description              = "example workspace"
  authentication_providers = ["SAML"]
  permission_type          = "SERVICE_MANAGED"
  grafana_version          = "9.4"
}

resource "awscc_iam_role" "example" {
  role_name           = "example"
  description         = "Grafana role"
  managed_policy_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonGrafanaAthenaAccess"]
  assume_role_policy_document = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17"
    Statement = [
      {
        Action = "sts:AssumeRole"
        Effect = "Allow"
        Sid    = ""
        Principal = {
          Service = "grafana.amazonaws.com"
        }
      }
    ]
  })
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Customer Managed workspace with SAML configuration

```terraform
resource "awscc_grafana_workspace" "example" {
  account_access_type      = "CURRENT_ACCOUNT"
  name                     = "example"
  role_arn                 = awscc_iam_role.example.arn
  description              = "example workspace"
  authentication_providers = ["SAML"]
  permission_type          = "CUSTOMER_MANAGED"
  grafana_version          = "9.4"

  saml_configuration = {
    idp_metadata = {
      xml = "<md:EntityDescriptor xmlns:md='urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:metadata' entityID='entityId'>DATA</md:EntityDescriptor>"
    }
    assertion_attributes = {
      name   = "displayName"
      login  = "login"
      email  = "email"
      groups = "groups"
      org    = "org"
    }
    role_values = {
      editor = ["editor1"]
      admin  = ["admin1"]
    }
    allowed_organizations   = ["org1"]
    login_validity_duration = 60
  }
}
resource "awscc_iam_role" "example" {
  role_name           = "example"
  description         = "Grafana role"
  managed_policy_arns = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonGrafanaAthenaAccess"]
  assume_role_policy_document = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17"
    Statement = [
      {
        Action = "sts:AssumeRole"
        Effect = "Allow"
        Sid    = ""
        Principal = {
          Service = "grafana.amazonaws.com"
        }
      },
    ]
  })
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_access_type` (String) These enums represent valid account access types. Specifically these enums determine whether the workspace can access AWS resources in the AWS account only, or whether it can also access resources in other accounts in the same organization. If the value CURRENT_ACCOUNT is used, a workspace role ARN must be provided. If the value is ORGANIZATION, a list of organizational units must be provided.
- `authentication_providers` (Set of String) List of authentication providers to enable.
- `permission_type` (String) These enums represent valid permission types to use when creating or configuring a Grafana workspace. The SERVICE_MANAGED permission type means the Managed Grafana service will create a workspace IAM role on your behalf. The CUSTOMER_MANAGED permission type means that the customer is expected to provide an IAM role that the Grafana workspace can use to query data sources.

### Optional

- `client_token` (String) A unique, case-sensitive, user-provided identifier to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `data_sources` (List of String) List of data sources on the service managed IAM role.
- `description` (String) Description of a workspace.
- `grafana_version` (String) The version of Grafana to support in your workspace.
- `name` (String) The user friendly name of a workspace.
- `network_access_control` (Attributes) The configuration settings for Network Access Control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_access_control))
- `notification_destinations` (List of String) List of notification destinations on the customers service managed IAM role that the Grafana workspace can query.
- `organization_role_name` (String) The name of an IAM role that already exists to use with AWS Organizations to access AWS data sources and notification channels in other accounts in an organization.
- `organizational_units` (List of String) List of Organizational Units containing AWS accounts the Grafana workspace can pull data from.
- `plugin_admin_enabled` (Boolean) Allow workspace admins to install plugins
- `role_arn` (String) IAM Role that will be used to grant the Grafana workspace access to a customers AWS resources.
- `saml_configuration` (Attributes) SAML configuration data associated with an AMG workspace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration))
- `stack_set_name` (String) The name of the AWS CloudFormation stack set to use to generate IAM roles to be used for this workspace.
- `vpc_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration settings for an Amazon VPC that contains data sources for your Grafana workspace to connect to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `creation_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the workspace was created.
- `endpoint` (String) Endpoint for the Grafana workspace.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modification_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the workspace was last modified
- `saml_configuration_status` (String) Valid SAML configuration statuses.
- `sso_client_id` (String) The client ID of the AWS SSO Managed Application.
- `status` (String) These enums represent the status of a workspace.
- `workspace_id` (String) The id that uniquely identifies a Grafana workspace.

<a id="nestedatt--network_access_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_access_control`

Optional:

- `prefix_list_ids` (Set of String) The list of prefix list IDs. A prefix list is a list of CIDR ranges of IP addresses. The IP addresses specified are allowed to access your workspace. If the list is not included in the configuration then no IP addresses will be allowed to access the workspace.
- `vpce_ids` (Set of String) The list of Amazon VPC endpoint IDs for the workspace. If a NetworkAccessConfiguration is specified then only VPC endpoints specified here will be allowed to access the workspace.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration`

Optional:

- `allowed_organizations` (List of String) List of SAML organizations allowed to access Grafana.
- `assertion_attributes` (Attributes) Maps Grafana friendly names to the IdPs SAML attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--assertion_attributes))
- `idp_metadata` (Attributes) IdP Metadata used to configure SAML authentication in Grafana. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--idp_metadata))
- `login_validity_duration` (Number) The maximum lifetime an authenticated user can be logged in (in minutes) before being required to re-authenticate.
- `role_values` (Attributes) Maps SAML roles to the Grafana Editor and Admin roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_configuration--role_values))

<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--assertion_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.assertion_attributes`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users email in Grafana.
- `groups` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users groups in Grafana.
- `login` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users login handle in Grafana.
- `name` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users name in Grafana.
- `org` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users organizations in Grafana.
- `role` (String) Name of the attribute within the SAML assert to use as the users roles in Grafana.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--idp_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.idp_metadata`

Optional:

- `url` (String) URL that vends the IdPs metadata.
- `xml` (String) XML blob of the IdPs metadata.


<a id="nestedatt--saml_configuration--role_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_configuration.role_values`

Optional:

- `admin` (List of String) List of SAML roles which will be mapped into the Grafana Admin role.
- `editor` (List of String) List of SAML roles which will be mapped into the Grafana Editor role.



<a id="nestedatt--vpc_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_configuration`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The list of Amazon EC2 security group IDs attached to the Amazon VPC for your Grafana workspace to connect.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of Amazon EC2 subnet IDs created in the Amazon VPC for your Grafana workspace to connect.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_grafana_workspace.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_grafana_workspace.example "id"
```
