---
page_title: "awscc_healthlake_fhir_datastore Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  HealthLake FHIR Datastore
---

# awscc_healthlake_fhir_datastore (Resource)

HealthLake FHIR Datastore

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_healthlake_fhir_datastore" "example" {
  datastore_name         = "example"
  datastore_type_version = "R4"
  preload_data_config = {
    preload_data_type = "SYNTHEA"
  }
  sse_configuration = {
    kms_encryption_config = {
      cmk_type   = "CUSTOMER_MANAGED_KMS_KEY"
      kms_key_id = awscc_kms_key.example.arn # Use arn of the KMS key here than key_id
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datastore_type_version` (String) The FHIR version. Only R4 version data is supported.

### Optional

- `datastore_name` (String) The user-generated name for the Data Store.
- `identity_provider_configuration` (Attributes) The identity provider configuration for the datastore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_provider_configuration))
- `preload_data_config` (Attributes) The preloaded data configuration for the Data Store. Only data preloaded from Synthea is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preload_data_config))
- `sse_configuration` (Attributes) The server-side encryption key configuration for a customer provided encryption key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Attributes) The time that a Data Store was created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--created_at))
- `datastore_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name used in the creation of the Data Store.
- `datastore_endpoint` (String) The AWS endpoint for the Data Store. Each Data Store will have it's own endpoint with Data Store ID in the endpoint URL.
- `datastore_id` (String) The AWS-generated ID number for the Data Store.
- `datastore_status` (String) The status of the Data Store. Possible statuses are 'CREATING', 'ACTIVE', 'DELETING', or 'DELETED'.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--identity_provider_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_provider_configuration`

Optional:

- `authorization_strategy` (String) Type of Authorization Strategy. The two types of supported Authorization strategies are SMART_ON_FHIR_V1 and AWS_AUTH.
- `fine_grained_authorization_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if fine-grained authorization will be enabled for the datastore
- `idp_lambda_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lambda function that will be used to decode the access token created by the authorization server.
- `metadata` (String) The JSON metadata elements for identity provider configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--preload_data_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preload_data_config`

Optional:

- `preload_data_type` (String) The type of preloaded data. Only Synthea preloaded data is supported.


<a id="nestedatt--sse_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_configuration`

Optional:

- `kms_encryption_config` (Attributes) The customer-managed-key (CMK) used when creating a Data Store. If a customer owned key is not specified, an AWS owned key will be used for encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sse_configuration--kms_encryption_config))

<a id="nestedatt--sse_configuration--kms_encryption_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sse_configuration.kms_encryption_config`

Optional:

- `cmk_type` (String) The type of customer-managed-key (CMK) used for encryption. The two types of supported CMKs are customer owned CMKs and AWS owned CMKs.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS encryption key id/alias used to encrypt the Data Store contents at rest.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--created_at"></a>
### Nested Schema for `created_at`

Read-Only:

- `nanos` (Number) Nanoseconds.
- `seconds` (String) Seconds since epoch.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_healthlake_fhir_datastore.example
  id = "datastore_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_healthlake_fhir_datastore.example "datastore_id"
```