---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iam_user Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::IAM::User
---

# awscc_iam_user (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::IAM::User



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `groups` (List of String) A list of group names to which you want to add the user.
- `login_profile` (Attributes) Creates a password for the specified IAM user. A password allows an IAM user to access AWS services through the AWS Management Console. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_profile))
- `managed_policy_arns` (Set of String) A list of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the IAM managed policies that you want to attach to the role.
- `path` (String) The path to the user. For more information about paths, see IAM identifiers in the IAM User Guide. The ARN of the policy used to set the permissions boundary for the user.
- `permissions_boundary` (String) The ARN of the policy that is used to set the permissions boundary for the user.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Adds or updates an inline policy document that is embedded in the specified IAM role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags that are associated with the user. For more information about tagging, see Tagging IAM resources in the IAM User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_name` (String) The friendly name identifying the user.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that identifies the user. For more information about ARNs and how to use ARNs in policies, see IAM Identifiers in the IAM User Guide.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--login_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_profile`

Required:

- `password` (String) The user's password.

Optional:

- `password_reset_required` (Boolean) Specifies whether the user is required to set a new password on next sign-in.


<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `policy_document` (String) The policy document.
- `policy_name` (String) The friendly name (not ARN) identifying the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iam_user.example <resource ID>
```
