---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iam_managed_policy Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::IAM::ManagedPolicy
---

# awscc_iam_managed_policy (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::IAM::ManagedPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_document` (String) The JSON policy document that you want to use as the content for the new policy.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A friendly description of the policy.
- `groups` (Set of String) The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the group to attach the policy to.
- `managed_policy_name` (String) The friendly name of the policy.
- `path` (String) The path for the policy.
- `roles` (Set of String) The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the role to attach the policy to.
- `users` (Set of String) The name (friendly name, not ARN) of the IAM user to attach the policy to.

### Read-Only

- `attachment_count` (Number) The number of entities (users, groups, and roles) that the policy is attached to.
- `create_date` (String) The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format, when the policy was created.
- `default_version_id` (String) The identifier for the version of the policy that is set as the default version.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_attachable` (Boolean) Specifies whether the policy can be attached to an IAM user, group, or role.
- `permissions_boundary_usage_count` (Number) The number of entities (users and roles) for which the policy is used to set the permissions boundary.
- `policy_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the managed policy
- `policy_id` (String) The stable and unique string identifying the policy.
- `update_date` (String) The date and time, in ISO 8601 date-time format, when the policy was last updated.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iam_managed_policy.example <resource ID>
```
