---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::InfrastructureConfiguration
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::InfrastructureConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_profile_name` (String) The instance profile of the infrastructure configuration.
- `name` (String) The name of the infrastructure configuration.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the infrastructure configuration.
- `instance_metadata_options` (Attributes) The instance metadata option settings for the infrastructure configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_metadata_options))
- `instance_types` (List of String) The instance types of the infrastructure configuration.
- `key_pair` (String) The EC2 key pair of the infrastructure configuration..
- `logging` (Attributes) The logging configuration of the infrastructure configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `resource_tags` (Map of String) The tags attached to the resource created by Image Builder.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The security group IDs of the infrastructure configuration.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) The SNS Topic Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID of the infrastructure configuration.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags associated with the component.
- `terminate_instance_on_failure` (Boolean) The terminate instance on failure configuration of the infrastructure configuration.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_metadata_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_metadata_options`

Optional:

- `http_put_response_hop_limit` (Number) Limit the number of hops that an instance metadata request can traverse to reach its destination.
- `http_tokens` (String) Indicates whether a signed token header is required for instance metadata retrieval requests. The values affect the response as follows:


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Optional:

- `s3_logs` (Attributes) The S3 path in which to store the logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging--s3_logs))

<a id="nestedatt--logging--s3_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging.s3_logs`

Optional:

- `s3_bucket_name` (String) S3BucketName
- `s3_key_prefix` (String) S3KeyPrefix

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration.example <resource ID>
```
