
---
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::DistributionConfiguration
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::DistributionConfiguration

## Example Usage

### Configure AMI Distribution Settings

Creates an Image Builder distribution configuration that specifies AMI distribution settings with custom naming, launch permissions, and tags for the current AWS region and account.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current AWS region and account
data "aws_region" "current" {}
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Create an EC2 Image Builder distribution configuration
resource "awscc_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration" "example" {
  name        = "example-dist-config"
  description = "Example distribution configuration for Image Builder"

  distributions = [
    {
      region = data.aws_region.current.name
      ami_distribution_configuration = {
        name               = "example-ami-{{ imagebuilder:buildDate }}"
        description        = "AMI created by Image Builder"
        target_account_ids = [data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id]

        launch_permission_configuration = {
          user_ids = [data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id]
        }

        ami_tags = {
          "Environment" = "Test"
          "Created-By"  = "AWSCC"
        }
      }
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Test"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `distributions` (Attributes List) The distributions of the distribution configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions))
- `name` (String) The name of the distribution configuration.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the distribution configuration.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags associated with the component.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--distributions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions`

Required:

- `region` (String) region

Optional:

- `ami_distribution_configuration` (Attributes) The specific AMI settings (for example, launch permissions, AMI tags). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--ami_distribution_configuration))
- `container_distribution_configuration` (Attributes) Container distribution settings for encryption, licensing, and sharing in a specific Region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--container_distribution_configuration))
- `fast_launch_configurations` (Attributes List) The Windows faster-launching configurations to use for AMI distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations))
- `launch_template_configurations` (Attributes List) A group of launchTemplateConfiguration settings that apply to image distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--launch_template_configurations))
- `license_configuration_arns` (List of String) The License Manager Configuration to associate with the AMI in the specified Region.
- `ssm_parameter_configurations` (Attributes List) The SSM parameter configurations to use for AMI distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--ssm_parameter_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--distributions--ami_distribution_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.ami_distribution_configuration`

Optional:

- `ami_tags` (Map of String) The tags to apply to AMIs distributed to this Region.
- `description` (String) The description of the AMI distribution configuration.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key identifier used to encrypt the distributed image.
- `launch_permission_configuration` (Attributes) Launch permissions can be used to configure which AWS accounts can use the AMI to launch instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--ami_distribution_configuration--launch_permission_configuration))
- `name` (String) The name of the AMI distribution configuration.
- `target_account_ids` (List of String) The ID of accounts to which you want to distribute an image.

<a id="nestedatt--distributions--ami_distribution_configuration--launch_permission_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.ami_distribution_configuration.launch_permission_configuration`

Optional:

- `organization_arns` (List of String) The ARN for an Amazon Web Services Organization that you want to share your AMI with.
- `organizational_unit_arns` (List of String) The ARN for an Organizations organizational unit (OU) that you want to share your AMI with.
- `user_groups` (List of String) The name of the group.
- `user_ids` (List of String) The AWS account ID.



<a id="nestedatt--distributions--container_distribution_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.container_distribution_configuration`

Optional:

- `container_tags` (List of String) Tags that are attached to the container distribution configuration.
- `description` (String) The description of the container distribution configuration.
- `target_repository` (Attributes) The destination repository for the container distribution configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--container_distribution_configuration--target_repository))

<a id="nestedatt--distributions--container_distribution_configuration--target_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.container_distribution_configuration.target_repository`

Optional:

- `repository_name` (String) The repository name of target container repository.
- `service` (String) The service of target container repository.



<a id="nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.fast_launch_configurations`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The owner account ID for the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A Boolean that represents the current state of faster launching for the Windows AMI. Set to true to start using Windows faster launching, or false to stop using it.
- `launch_template` (Attributes) The launch template that the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI uses when it launches Windows instances to create pre-provisioned snapshots. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations--launch_template))
- `max_parallel_launches` (Number) The maximum number of parallel instances that are launched for creating resources.
- `snapshot_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration settings for managing the number of snapshots that are created from pre-provisioned instances for the Windows AMI when faster launching is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations--snapshot_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations--launch_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.fast_launch_configurations.launch_template`

Optional:

- `launch_template_id` (String) The ID of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
- `launch_template_name` (String) The name of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
- `launch_template_version` (String) The version of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.


<a id="nestedatt--distributions--fast_launch_configurations--snapshot_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.fast_launch_configurations.snapshot_configuration`

Optional:

- `target_resource_count` (Number) The number of pre-provisioned snapshots to keep on hand for a fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.



<a id="nestedatt--distributions--launch_template_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.launch_template_configurations`

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account ID that this configuration applies to.
- `launch_template_id` (String) Identifies the EC2 launch template to use.
- `set_default_version` (Boolean) Set the specified EC2 launch template as the default launch template for the specified account.


<a id="nestedatt--distributions--ssm_parameter_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `distributions.ssm_parameter_configurations`

Optional:

- `ami_account_id` (String) The account ID for the AMI to update the parameter with.
- `data_type` (String) The data type of the SSM parameter.
- `parameter_name` (String) The name of the SSM parameter.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration.example "arn"
```
