
---
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_container_recipe Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ContainerRecipe
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_container_recipe (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ContainerRecipe

## Example Usage

### Docker Container Recipe with Custom Component

Creates an Image Builder container recipe using Amazon Linux 2 as base image, integrating a custom build component that executes a simple bash command, and configures the recipe to store the resulting container image in an ECR repository.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Required data sources for dynamic values
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# IAM policy for component access
data "aws_iam_policy_document" "component_policy" {
  statement {
    effect = "Allow"
    principals {
      type = "AWS"
      identifiers = [
        "arn:aws:iam::${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:root"
      ]
    }
    actions = [
      "imagebuilder:GetComponent",
      "imagebuilder:ListComponents"
    ]
    resources = ["*"]
  }
}

resource "awscc_ecr_repository" "example" {
  repository_name = "example-container-repo"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_imagebuilder_component" "example" {
  name        = "example-component"
  platform    = "Linux"
  version     = "1.0.0"
  data        = <<EOF
schemaVersion: 1.0
phases:
  - name: build
    steps:
      - name: Example
        action: ExecuteBash
        inputs:
          commands:
            - echo "Hello from component"
EOF
  description = "Example component for container recipe"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_imagebuilder_container_recipe" "example" {
  name        = "example-container-recipe"
  version     = "1.0.0"
  description = "Example container recipe"

  components = [{
    component_arn = awscc_imagebuilder_component.example.arn
  }]

  container_type = "DOCKER"
  parent_image   = "amazonlinux:2"

  target_repository = {
    service         = "ECR"
    repository_name = awscc_ecr_repository.example.repository_name
  }

  dockerfile_template_data = <<-EOT
    FROM {{{ imagebuilder:parentImage }}}
    {{{ imagebuilder:components }}}
  EOT

  working_directory = "/tmp"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `components` (Attributes List) Components for build and test that are included in the container recipe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `container_type` (String) Specifies the type of container, such as Docker.
- `description` (String) The description of the container recipe.
- `dockerfile_template_data` (String) Dockerfiles are text documents that are used to build Docker containers, and ensure that they contain all of the elements required by the application running inside. The template data consists of contextual variables where Image Builder places build information or scripts, based on your container image recipe.
- `dockerfile_template_uri` (String) The S3 URI for the Dockerfile that will be used to build your container image.
- `image_os_version_override` (String) Specifies the operating system version for the source image.
- `instance_configuration` (Attributes) A group of options that can be used to configure an instance for building and testing container images. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_configuration))
- `kms_key_id` (String) Identifies which KMS key is used to encrypt the container image.
- `name` (String) The name of the container recipe.
- `parent_image` (String) The source image for the container recipe.
- `platform_override` (String) Specifies the operating system platform when you use a custom source image.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags that are attached to the container recipe.
- `target_repository` (Attributes) The destination repository for the container image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_repository))
- `version` (String) The semantic version of the container recipe (<major>.<minor>.<patch>).
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory to be used during build and test workflows.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Optional:

- `component_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the component.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) A group of parameter settings that are used to configure the component for a specific recipe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--components--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the component parameter to set.
- `value` (List of String) Sets the value for the named component parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--instance_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_configuration`

Optional:

- `block_device_mappings` (Attributes List) Defines the block devices to attach for building an instance from this Image Builder AMI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_configuration--block_device_mappings))
- `image` (String) The AMI ID to use as the base image for a container build and test instance. If not specified, Image Builder will use the appropriate ECS-optimized AMI as a base image.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_configuration--block_device_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_configuration.block_device_mappings`

Optional:

- `device_name` (String) The device to which these mappings apply.
- `ebs` (Attributes) Use to manage Amazon EBS-specific configuration for this mapping. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_configuration--block_device_mappings--ebs))
- `no_device` (String) Use to remove a mapping from the parent image.
- `virtual_name` (String) Use to manage instance ephemeral devices.

<a id="nestedatt--instance_configuration--block_device_mappings--ebs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_configuration.block_device_mappings.ebs`

Optional:

- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Use to configure delete on termination of the associated device.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Use to configure device encryption.
- `iops` (Number) Use to configure device IOPS.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Use to configure the KMS key to use when encrypting the device.
- `snapshot_id` (String) The snapshot that defines the device contents.
- `throughput` (Number) For GP3 volumes only - The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
- `volume_size` (Number) Use to override the device's volume size.
- `volume_type` (String) Use to override the device's volume type.




<a id="nestedatt--target_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_repository`

Optional:

- `repository_name` (String) The name of the container repository where the output container image is stored. This name is prefixed by the repository location.
- `service` (String) Specifies the service in which this image was registered.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_imagebuilder_container_recipe.example "arn"
```
