---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ImagePipeline
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::ImagePipeline



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `container_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe that defines how images are configured and tested.
- `description` (String) The description of the image pipeline.
- `distribution_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration associated with this image pipeline.
- `enhanced_image_metadata_enabled` (Boolean) Collects additional information about the image being created, including the operating system (OS) version and package list.
- `execution_role` (String) The execution role name/ARN for the image build, if provided
- `image_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image recipe that defines how images are configured, tested, and assessed.
- `image_scanning_configuration` (Attributes) Contains settings for vulnerability scans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration))
- `image_tests_configuration` (Attributes) The image tests configuration of the image pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_tests_configuration))
- `infrastructure_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration associated with this image pipeline.
- `name` (String) The name of the image pipeline.
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule of the image pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `status` (String) The status of the image pipeline.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags of this image pipeline.
- `workflows` (Attributes List) Workflows to define the image build process (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflows))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image pipeline.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_scanning_configuration`

Optional:

- `ecr_configuration` (Attributes) Contains ECR settings for vulnerability scans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration--ecr_configuration))
- `image_scanning_enabled` (Boolean) This sets whether Image Builder keeps a snapshot of the vulnerability scans that Amazon Inspector runs against the build instance when you create a new image.

<a id="nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration--ecr_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_scanning_configuration.ecr_configuration`

Optional:

- `container_tags` (List of String) Tags for Image Builder to apply the output container image that is scanned. Tags can help you identify and manage your scanned images.
- `repository_name` (String) The name of the container repository that Amazon Inspector scans to identify findings for your container images. The name includes the path for the repository location. If you don't provide this information, Image Builder creates a repository in your account named image-builder-image-scanning-repository to use for vulnerability scans for your output container images.



<a id="nestedatt--image_tests_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_tests_configuration`

Optional:

- `image_tests_enabled` (Boolean) Defines if tests should be executed when building this image.
- `timeout_minutes` (Number) The maximum time in minutes that tests are permitted to run.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `pipeline_execution_start_condition` (String) The condition configures when the pipeline should trigger a new image build.
- `schedule_expression` (String) The expression determines how often EC2 Image Builder evaluates your pipelineExecutionStartCondition.


<a id="nestedatt--workflows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflows`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (String) Define execution decision in case of workflow failure
- `parallel_group` (String) The parallel group name
- `parameters` (Attributes List) The parameters associated with the workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflows--parameters))
- `workflow_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workflow

<a id="nestedatt--workflows--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflows.parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (List of String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_imagebuilder_image_pipeline.example "arn"
```
