---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_imagebuilder_image Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::Image
---

# awscc_imagebuilder_image (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::ImageBuilder::Image



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `container_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe that defines how images are configured and tested.
- `deletion_settings` (Attributes) The deletion settings of the image, indicating whether to delete the underlying resources in addition to the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deletion_settings))
- `distribution_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration.
- `enhanced_image_metadata_enabled` (Boolean) Collects additional information about the image being created, including the operating system (OS) version and package list.
- `execution_role` (String) The execution role name/ARN for the image build, if provided
- `image_pipeline_execution_settings` (Attributes) The image pipeline execution settings of the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_pipeline_execution_settings))
- `image_recipe_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image recipe that defines how images are configured, tested, and assessed.
- `image_scanning_configuration` (Attributes) Contains settings for vulnerability scans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration))
- `image_tests_configuration` (Attributes) The image tests configuration used when creating this image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_tests_configuration))
- `infrastructure_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the infrastructure configuration.
- `logging_configuration` (Attributes) The logging configuration settings for the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_configuration))
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags associated with the image.
- `workflows` (Attributes List) Workflows to define the image build process (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflows))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `image_id` (String) The AMI ID of the EC2 AMI in current region.
- `image_uri` (String) URI for containers created in current Region with default ECR image tag
- `latest_version` (Attributes) The latest version references of the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_version))
- `name` (String) The name of the image.

<a id="nestedatt--deletion_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deletion_settings`

Optional:

- `execution_role` (String) The execution role to use for deleting the image, as well as underlying resources.


<a id="nestedatt--image_pipeline_execution_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_pipeline_execution_settings`

Optional:

- `deployment_id` (String) The deployment ID of the pipeline, used to trigger new image pipeline executions.
- `on_update` (Boolean) Whether to trigger the image pipeline when the pipeline is updated. False by default.


<a id="nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_scanning_configuration`

Optional:

- `ecr_configuration` (Attributes) Contains ECR settings for vulnerability scans. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration--ecr_configuration))
- `image_scanning_enabled` (Boolean) This sets whether Image Builder keeps a snapshot of the vulnerability scans that Amazon Inspector runs against the build instance when you create a new image.

<a id="nestedatt--image_scanning_configuration--ecr_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_scanning_configuration.ecr_configuration`

Optional:

- `container_tags` (List of String) Tags for Image Builder to apply the output container image that is scanned. Tags can help you identify and manage your scanned images.
- `repository_name` (String) The name of the container repository that Amazon Inspector scans to identify findings for your container images. The name includes the path for the repository location. If you don’t provide this information, Image Builder creates a repository in your account named image-builder-image-scanning-repository to use for vulnerability scans for your output container images.



<a id="nestedatt--image_tests_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_tests_configuration`

Optional:

- `image_tests_enabled` (Boolean) ImageTestsEnabled
- `timeout_minutes` (Number) TimeoutMinutes


<a id="nestedatt--logging_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_configuration`

Optional:

- `log_group_name` (String) The name of the log group for image build logs.


<a id="nestedatt--workflows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflows`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (String) Define execution decision in case of workflow failure
- `parallel_group` (String) The parallel group name
- `parameters` (Attributes List) The parameters associated with the workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflows--parameters))
- `workflow_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the workflow

<a id="nestedatt--workflows--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflows.parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--latest_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_version`

Read-Only:

- `arn` (String) The latest version ARN of the created image.
- `major` (String) The latest version ARN of the created image, with the same major version.
- `minor` (String) The latest version ARN of the created image, with the same minor version.
- `patch` (String) The latest version ARN of the created image, with the same patch version.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_imagebuilder_image.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_imagebuilder_image.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_imagebuilder_image.example "arn"
```
