---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_interconnect_connection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Interconnect::Connection. Creates a managed network connection between AWS and a partner cloud service provider.
---

# awscc_interconnect_connection (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Interconnect::Connection. Creates a managed network connection between AWS and a partner cloud service provider.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attach_point` (Attributes) The logical attachment point in your AWS network where the managed connection will be connected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attach_point))

### Optional

- `activation_key` (String) The activation key for accepting a connection proposal from a partner CSP. Mutually exclusive with EnvironmentId.
- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the connection (e.g., 50Mbps, 1Gbps). Required when creating a connection through AWS.
- `description` (String) A description of the connection.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment for the connection. Required when creating a connection through AWS. Mutually exclusive with ActivationKey.
- `remote_owner_account` (String) The account ID of the remote owner. Required when creating a connection through AWS.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connection.
- `billing_tier` (Number) The billing tier for the connection.
- `connection_id` (String) The unique identifier for the connection.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner_account` (String) The AWS account ID of the connection owner.
- `provider_name` (Attributes) The partner cloud service provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_name))
- `shared_id` (String) The shared identifier for the connection pairing.
- `state` (String) The current state of the connection.
- `type` (String) The type of managed connection.

<a id="nestedatt--attach_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attach_point`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the resource to attach to.
- `direct_connect_gateway` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect Gateway to attach to.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--provider_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_name`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_service_provider` (String) The name of the cloud service provider.
- `last_mile_provider` (String) The name of the last mile provider.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_interconnect_connection.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the connection

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_interconnect_connection.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_interconnect_connection.example "arn"
```
