
---
page_title: "awscc_iot_command Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents the resource definition of AWS IoT Command.
---

# awscc_iot_command (Resource)

Represents the resource definition of AWS IoT Command.

## Example Usage

### Create Basic IoT Command

Creates an IoT command in the AWS-IoT namespace with a JSON payload for sensor reading action, including display name, description and custom tags.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create IoT command with basic configuration
resource "awscc_iot_command" "example" {
  command_id   = "example-command"
  display_name = "Example IoT Command"
  description  = "An example IoT command created by AWSCC provider"
  namespace    = "AWS-IoT"

  payload = {
    content      = base64encode(jsonencode({ action = "read_sensor" }))
    content_type = "application/json"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command_id` (String) The unique identifier for the command.

### Optional

- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the command was created.
- `deprecated` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the command is deprecated.
- `description` (String) The description of the command.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the command.
- `last_updated_at` (String) The date and time when the command was last updated.
- `mandatory_parameters` (Attributes List) The list of mandatory parameters for the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters))
- `namespace` (String) The namespace to which the command belongs.
- `payload` (Attributes) The payload associated with the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload))
- `payload_template` (String) The payload template associated with the command.
- `pending_deletion` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether the command is pending deletion.
- `preprocessor` (Attributes) The command preprocessor configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preprocessor))
- `role_arn` (String) The customer role associated with the command.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags to be associated with the command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `command_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the command.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters`

Optional:

- `default_value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--default_value))
- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value))
- `value_conditions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--default_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.default_value`

Optional:

- `b` (Boolean)
- `bin` (String)
- `d` (Number)
- `i` (Number)
- `l` (String)
- `s` (String)
- `ul` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value`

Optional:

- `b` (Boolean)
- `bin` (String)
- `d` (Number)
- `i` (Number)
- `l` (String)
- `s` (String)
- `ul` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions`

Optional:

- `comparison_operator` (String)
- `operand` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions.operand`

Optional:

- `number` (String)
- `number_range` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand--number_range))
- `numbers` (List of String)
- `string` (String)
- `strings` (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_parameters--value_conditions--operand--number_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_parameters.value_conditions.operand.number_range`

Optional:

- `max` (String)
- `min` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload`

Optional:

- `content` (String)
- `content_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--preprocessor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preprocessor`

Optional:

- `aws_json_substitution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--preprocessor--aws_json_substitution))

<a id="nestedatt--preprocessor--aws_json_substitution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `preprocessor.aws_json_substitution`

Optional:

- `output_format` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag's key.
- `value` (String) The tag's value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iot_command.example
  identity = {
    command_id = "command_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `command_id` (String) The unique identifier for the command

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iot_command.example
  id = "command_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iot_command.example "command_id"
```
