---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iot_mitigation_action Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Mitigation actions can be used to take actions to mitigate issues that were found in an Audit finding or Detect violation.
---

# awscc_iot_mitigation_action (Resource)

Mitigation actions can be used to take actions to mitigate issues that were found in an Audit finding or Detect violation.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action_params` (Attributes) The set of parameters for this mitigation action. You can specify only one type of parameter (in other words, you can apply only one action for each defined mitigation action). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params))
- `role_arn` (String)

### Optional

- `action_name` (String) A unique identifier for the mitigation action.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `mitigation_action_arn` (String)
- `mitigation_action_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--action_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params`

Required:

- `add_things_to_thing_group_params` (Attributes) Parameters to define a mitigation action that moves devices associated with a certificate to one or more specified thing groups, typically for quarantine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--add_things_to_thing_group_params))
- `enable_io_t_logging_params` (Attributes) Parameters to define a mitigation action that enables AWS IoT logging at a specified level of detail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--enable_io_t_logging_params))
- `publish_finding_to_sns_params` (Attributes) Parameters, to define a mitigation action that publishes findings to Amazon SNS. You can implement your own custom actions in response to the Amazon SNS messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--publish_finding_to_sns_params))
- `replace_default_policy_version_params` (Attributes) Parameters to define a mitigation action that adds a blank policy to restrict permissions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--replace_default_policy_version_params))
- `update_ca_certificate_params` (Attributes) Parameters to define a mitigation action that changes the state of the CA certificate to inactive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--update_ca_certificate_params))
- `update_device_certificate_params` (Attributes) Parameters to define a mitigation action that changes the state of the device certificate to inactive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_params--update_device_certificate_params))

<a id="nestedatt--action_params--add_things_to_thing_group_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.add_things_to_thing_group_params`

Required:

- `override_dynamic_groups` (Boolean) Specifies if this mitigation action can move the things that triggered the mitigation action out of one or more dynamic thing groups.
- `thing_group_names` (Set of String) The list of groups to which you want to add the things that triggered the mitigation action.


<a id="nestedatt--action_params--enable_io_t_logging_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.enable_io_t_logging_params`

Required:

- `log_level` (String) Specifies which types of information are logged.
- `role_arn_for_logging` (String) The ARN of the IAM role used for logging.


<a id="nestedatt--action_params--publish_finding_to_sns_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.publish_finding_to_sns_params`

Required:

- `topic_arn` (String) The ARN of the topic to which you want to publish the findings.


<a id="nestedatt--action_params--replace_default_policy_version_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.replace_default_policy_version_params`

Required:

- `template_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--action_params--update_ca_certificate_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.update_ca_certificate_params`

Required:

- `action` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--action_params--update_device_certificate_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_params.update_device_certificate_params`

Required:

- `action` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag's key.
- `value` (String) The tag's value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iot_mitigation_action.example <resource ID>
```
