---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotfleethub_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTFleetHub::Application
---

# awscc_iotfleethub_application (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTFleetHub::Application



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_name` (String) Application Name, should be between 1 and 256 characters.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role that the web application assumes when it interacts with AWS IoT Core. For more info on configuring this attribute, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/apireference/API_iotfleethub_CreateApplication.html#API_iotfleethub_CreateApplication_RequestSyntax

### Optional

- `application_description` (String) Application Description, should be between 1 and 2048 characters.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `application_arn` (String) The ARN of the application.
- `application_creation_date` (Number) When the Application was created
- `application_id` (String) The ID of the application.
- `application_last_update_date` (Number) When the Application was last updated
- `application_state` (String) The current state of the application.
- `application_url` (String) The URL of the application.
- `error_message` (String) A message indicating why Create or Delete Application failed.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `sso_client_id` (String) The AWS SSO application generated client ID (used with AWS SSO APIs).

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iotfleethub_application.example
  id = "application_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotfleethub_application.example "application_id"
```
