
---
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_asset Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Asset
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_asset (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Asset

## Example Usage

### IoT SiteWise Asset with Model Association

Creates an IoT SiteWise asset associated with a custom asset model, enabling asset property tracking with notification capabilities.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# First, let's create an asset model
resource "awscc_iotsitewise_asset_model" "example" {
  asset_model_name        = "Example Asset Model"
  asset_model_description = "An example asset model for documentation"

  asset_model_properties = [{
    data_type  = "STRING"
    logical_id = "ModelProperty1"
    name       = "Property1"
    type = {
      attribute = {
        default_value = "default"
      }
      type_name = "Attribute"
    }
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Then create the asset using the model
resource "awscc_iotsitewise_asset" "example" {
  asset_name        = "Example Asset"
  asset_model_id    = awscc_iotsitewise_asset_model.example.asset_model_id
  asset_description = "An example IoT SiteWise asset"

  asset_properties = [{
    logical_id         = "ModelProperty1"
    notification_state = "ENABLED"
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asset_model_id` (String) The ID of the asset model from which to create the asset.
- `asset_name` (String) A unique, friendly name for the asset.

### Optional

- `asset_description` (String) A description for the asset
- `asset_external_id` (String) The External ID of the asset
- `asset_hierarchies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--asset_hierarchies))
- `asset_properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--asset_properties))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the asset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `asset_arn` (String) The ARN of the asset
- `asset_id` (String) The ID of the asset
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--asset_hierarchies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asset_hierarchies`

Optional:

- `child_asset_id` (String) The ID of the child asset to be associated.
- `external_id` (String) String-friendly customer provided external ID
- `id` (String) Customer provided actual UUID for property
- `logical_id` (String) The LogicalID of a hierarchy in the parent asset's model.


<a id="nestedatt--asset_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `asset_properties`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) The property alias that identifies the property.
- `external_id` (String) String-friendly customer provided external ID
- `id` (String) Customer provided actual UUID for property
- `logical_id` (String) Customer provided ID for property.
- `notification_state` (String) The MQTT notification state (ENABLED or DISABLED) for this asset property.
- `unit` (String) The unit of measure (such as Newtons or RPM) of the asset property. If you don't specify a value for this parameter, the service uses the value of the assetModelProperty in the asset model.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotsitewise_asset.example "asset_id"
```
