---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_portal Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Portal
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_portal (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Portal



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `portal_contact_email` (String) The AWS administrator's contact email address.
- `portal_name` (String) A friendly name for the portal.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of a service role that allows the portal's users to access your AWS IoT SiteWise resources on your behalf.

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) Contains the configuration information of an alarm created in an AWS IoT SiteWise Monitor portal. You can use the alarm to monitor an asset property and get notified when the asset property value is outside a specified range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `notification_sender_email` (String) The email address that sends alarm notifications.
- `portal_auth_mode` (String) The service to use to authenticate users to the portal. Choose from SSO or IAM. You can't change this value after you create a portal.
- `portal_description` (String) A description for the portal.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the portal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `portal_arn` (String) The ARN of the portal, which has the following format.
- `portal_client_id` (String) The AWS SSO application generated client ID (used with AWS SSO APIs).
- `portal_id` (String) The ID of the portal.
- `portal_start_url` (String) The public root URL for the AWS IoT AWS IoT SiteWise Monitor application portal.

<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `alarm_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that allows the alarm to perform actions and access AWS resources and services, such as AWS IoT Events.
- `notification_lambda_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Lambda function that manages alarm notifications. For more information, see Managing alarm notifications in the AWS IoT Events Developer Guide.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotsitewise_portal.example <resource ID>
```
