---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::AccessPolicy
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_access_policy (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::AccessPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_policy_identity` (Attributes) The identity for this access policy. Choose either a user or a group but not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_identity))
- `access_policy_permission` (String) The permission level for this access policy. Valid values are ADMINISTRATOR or VIEWER.
- `access_policy_resource` (Attributes) The AWS IoT SiteWise Monitor resource for this access policy. Choose either portal or project but not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_resource))

### Read-Only

- `access_policy_arn` (String) The ARN of the access policy.
- `access_policy_id` (String) The ID of the access policy.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_identity`

Optional:

- `iam_role` (Attributes) Contains information for an IAM role identity in an access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_identity--iam_role))
- `iam_user` (Attributes) Contains information for an IAM user identity in an access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_identity--iam_user))
- `user` (Attributes) Contains information for a user identity in an access policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_identity--user))

<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_identity--iam_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_identity.iam_role`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role.


<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_identity--iam_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_identity.iam_user`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM user.


<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_identity--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_identity.user`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The AWS SSO ID of the user.



<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_resource`

Optional:

- `portal` (Attributes) A portal resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_resource--portal))
- `project` (Attributes) A project resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_policy_resource--project))

<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_resource--portal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_resource.portal`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the portal.


<a id="nestedatt--access_policy_resource--project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_policy_resource.project`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the project.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iotsitewise_access_policy.example
  id = "access_policy_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotsitewise_access_policy.example "access_policy_id"
```
