
---
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Gateway
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_gateway (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Gateway

## Example Usage

### IoT SiteWise Gateway with Greengrass V2

Creates an IoT SiteWise Gateway using a Greengrass V2 core device as the gateway platform, enabling data collection and processing at the edge.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Create IoT Thing for Greengrass V2 Core Device
resource "awscc_iot_thing" "greengrass_core" {
  thing_name = "sitewise-gateway-core-example-2024"
}

# Create IoT SiteWise Gateway
resource "awscc_iotsitewise_gateway" "example" {
  gateway_name = "example-gateway-2024"
  gateway_platform = {
    greengrass_v2 = {
      core_device_thing_name = awscc_iot_thing.greengrass_core.thing_name
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_name` (String) A unique, friendly name for the gateway.
- `gateway_platform` (Attributes) The gateway's platform. You can only specify one platform in a gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform))

### Optional

- `gateway_capability_summaries` (Attributes List) A list of gateway capability summaries that each contain a namespace and status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_capability_summaries))
- `gateway_version` (String) The version of the gateway you want to create.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of the gateway device.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform`

Optional:

- `greengrass_v2` (Attributes) A gateway that runs on AWS IoT Greengrass V2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform--greengrass_v2))
- `siemens_ie` (Attributes) A gateway that runs on Siemens Industrial Edge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_platform--siemens_ie))

<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform--greengrass_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform.greengrass_v2`

Optional:

- `core_device_operating_system` (String) The operating system of the core device in AWS IoT Greengrass V2.
- `core_device_thing_name` (String) The name of the CoreDevice in GreenGrass V2.


<a id="nestedatt--gateway_platform--siemens_ie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_platform.siemens_ie`

Optional:

- `iot_core_thing_name` (String) The name of the IoT Core Thing.



<a id="nestedatt--gateway_capability_summaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_capability_summaries`

Optional:

- `capability_configuration` (String) The JSON document that defines the gateway capability's configuration.
- `capability_namespace` (String) The namespace of the capability configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotsitewise_gateway.example "gateway_id"
```
