---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotsitewise_dataset Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Dataset.
---

# awscc_iotsitewise_dataset (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::IoTSiteWise::Dataset.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dataset_name` (String) The name of the dataset.
- `dataset_source` (Attributes) The data source for the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataset_source))

### Optional

- `dataset_description` (String) A description about the dataset, and its functionality.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `dataset_arn` (String) The ARN of the dataset.
- `dataset_id` (String) The ID of the dataset.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--dataset_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataset_source`

Required:

- `source_format` (String) The format of the dataset source associated with the dataset.
- `source_type` (String) The type of data source for the dataset.

Optional:

- `source_detail` (Attributes) The details of the dataset source associated with the dataset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataset_source--source_detail))

<a id="nestedatt--dataset_source--source_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataset_source.source_detail`

Optional:

- `kendra` (Attributes) Contains details about the Kendra dataset source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataset_source--source_detail--kendra))

<a id="nestedatt--dataset_source--source_detail--kendra"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataset_source.source_detail.kendra`

Optional:

- `knowledge_base_arn` (String) The knowledgeBaseArn details for the Kendra dataset source.
- `role_arn` (String) The roleARN details for the Kendra dataset source.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotsitewise_dataset.example "dataset_id"
```
