
---
page_title: "awscc_iotwireless_wireless_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage wireless gateways, including LoRa gateways.
---

# awscc_iotwireless_wireless_gateway (Resource)

Create and manage wireless gateways, including LoRa gateways.

## Example Usage

### LoRaWAN Gateway Configuration

Creates an IoT Wireless Gateway with LoRaWAN configuration for US915 frequency band, allowing IoT devices to communicate through AWS IoT Core for LoRaWAN.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create an example IoT Wireless Gateway
resource "awscc_iotwireless_wireless_gateway" "example" {
  description = "Example LoRaWAN Gateway"
  name        = "example-lorawan-gateway"

  lo_ra_wan = {
    gateway_eui = "A1B2C3D4E5F6A1B2"
    rf_region   = "US915"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lo_ra_wan` (Attributes) The combination of Package, Station and Model which represents the version of the LoRaWAN Wireless Gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lo_ra_wan))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of Wireless Gateway.
- `last_uplink_received_at` (String) The date and time when the most recent uplink was received.
- `name` (String) Name of Wireless Gateway.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `thing_arn` (String) Thing Arn. Passed into Update to associate a Thing with the Wireless Gateway.
- `thing_name` (String) Thing Name. If there is a Thing created, this can be returned with a Get call.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Arn for Wireless Gateway. Returned upon successful create.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `wireless_gateway_id` (String) Id for Wireless Gateway. Returned upon successful create.

<a id="nestedatt--lo_ra_wan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lo_ra_wan`

Required:

- `gateway_eui` (String)
- `rf_region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iotwireless_wireless_gateway.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotwireless_wireless_gateway.example "id"
```
