
---
page_title: "awscc_iotwireless_network_analyzer_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage NetworkAnalyzerConfiguration resource.
---

# awscc_iotwireless_network_analyzer_configuration (Resource)

Create and manage NetworkAnalyzerConfiguration resource.

## Example Usage

### IoT Wireless Network Analyzer Configuration Setup

Creates an IoT Wireless Network Analyzer configuration with INFO level logging and enabled wireless device frame information tracking.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# IoT Wireless Network Analyzer Configuration
resource "awscc_iotwireless_network_analyzer_configuration" "example" {
  name        = "example-network-analyzer"
  description = "Example IoT Wireless Network Analyzer Configuration"

  trace_content = {
    log_level                  = "INFO"
    wireless_device_frame_info = "ENABLED"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the network analyzer configuration

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the new resource
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `trace_content` (Attributes) Trace content for your wireless gateway and wireless device resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trace_content))
- `wireless_devices` (List of String) List of wireless gateway resources that have been added to the network analyzer configuration
- `wireless_gateways` (List of String) List of wireless gateway resources that have been added to the network analyzer configuration

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Arn for network analyzer configuration, Returned upon successful create.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--trace_content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trace_content`

Optional:

- `log_level` (String)
- `wireless_device_frame_info` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_iotwireless_network_analyzer_configuration.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotwireless_network_analyzer_configuration.example "name"
```
