---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_iotwireless_partner_account Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage partner account
---

# awscc_iotwireless_partner_account (Resource)

Create and manage partner account



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_linked` (Boolean) Whether the partner account is linked to the AWS account.
- `partner_account_id` (String) The partner account ID to disassociate from the AWS account
- `partner_type` (String) The partner type
- `sidewalk` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk))
- `sidewalk_response` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk_response))
- `sidewalk_update` (Attributes) The Sidewalk account credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sidewalk_update))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) PartnerAccount arn. Returned after successful create.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the Sidewalk application server private key.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk`

Optional:

- `app_server_private_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk_response`

Optional:

- `amazon_id` (String)
- `arn` (String)
- `fingerprint` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--sidewalk_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sidewalk_update`

Optional:

- `app_server_private_key` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_iotwireless_partner_account.example "partner_account_id"
```
