---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivs_ingest_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::IngestConfiguration
---

# awscc_ivs_ingest_configuration (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::IngestConfiguration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ingest_protocol` (String) Ingest Protocol.
- `insecure_ingest` (Boolean) Whether ingest configuration allows insecure ingest.
- `name` (String) IngestConfiguration
- `stage_arn` (String) Stage ARN. A value other than an empty string indicates that stage is linked to IngestConfiguration. Default: "" (recording is disabled).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of key-value pairs that contain metadata for the asset model. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_id` (String) User defined indentifier for participant associated with IngestConfiguration.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) IngestConfiguration ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `participant_id` (String) Participant Id is automatically generated on creation and assigned.
- `state` (String) State of IngestConfiguration which determines whether IngestConfiguration is in use or not.
- `stream_key` (String) Stream-key value.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ivs_ingest_configuration.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ivs_ingest_configuration.example "arn"
```
