
---
page_title: "awscc_ivs_stage Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::Stage.
---

# awscc_ivs_stage (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::Stage.

## Example Usage

### Interactive Video Service Stage Creation

Creates an IVS Stage resource that enables multiple participants to join and broadcast a collaborative video streaming session through Amazon IVS service.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Creates an IVS Stage which enables multiple participants to join a video streaming session 
# and then broadcast that session to the Amazon IVS service for live delivery.
resource "awscc_ivs_stage" "example" {
  name = "example-ivs-stage"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Testing"
    }, {
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auto_participant_recording_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration object for individual participant recording, to attach to the new stage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration))
- `name` (String) Stage name
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `active_session_id` (String) ID of the active session within the stage.
- `arn` (String) Stage ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration`

Optional:

- `hls_configuration` (Attributes) HLS configuration object for individual participant recording. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--hls_configuration))
- `media_types` (Set of String) Types of media to be recorded. Default: AUDIO_VIDEO.
- `recording_reconnect_window_seconds` (Number) If a stage publisher disconnects and then reconnects within the specified interval, the multiple recordings will be considered a single recording and merged together. The default value is 0, which disables merging.
- `storage_configuration_arn` (String) ARN of the StorageConfiguration resource to use for individual participant recording.
- `thumbnail_configuration` (Attributes) A complex type that allows you to enable/disable the recording of thumbnails for individual participant recording and modify the interval at which thumbnails are generated for the live session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--thumbnail_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--hls_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration.hls_configuration`

Optional:

- `participant_recording_hls_configuration` (Attributes) An object representing a configuration of participant HLS recordings for individual participant recording. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--hls_configuration--participant_recording_hls_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--hls_configuration--participant_recording_hls_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration.hls_configuration.participant_recording_hls_configuration`

Optional:

- `target_segment_duration_seconds` (Number) Defines the target duration for recorded segments generated when recording a stage participant. Segments may have durations longer than the specified value when needed to ensure each segment begins with a keyframe. Default: 6.



<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--thumbnail_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration.thumbnail_configuration`

Optional:

- `participant_thumbnail_configuration` (Attributes) An object representing a configuration of thumbnails for recorded video from an individual participant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--thumbnail_configuration--participant_thumbnail_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_participant_recording_configuration--thumbnail_configuration--participant_thumbnail_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_participant_recording_configuration.thumbnail_configuration.participant_thumbnail_configuration`

Optional:

- `recording_mode` (String) Thumbnail recording mode. Default: DISABLED.
- `storage` (Set of String) Indicates the format in which thumbnails are recorded. SEQUENTIAL records all generated thumbnails in a serial manner, to the media/thumbnails/high directory. LATEST saves the latest thumbnail in media/latest_thumbnail/high/thumb.jpg and overwrites it at the interval specified by targetIntervalSeconds. You can enable both SEQUENTIAL and LATEST. Default: SEQUENTIAL.
- `target_interval_seconds` (Number) The targeted thumbnail-generation interval in seconds. This is configurable only if recordingMode is INTERVAL. Default: 60.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ivs_stage.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) Stage ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ivs_stage.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ivs_stage.example "arn"
```
