
---
page_title: "awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::EncoderConfiguration.
---

# awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::IVS::EncoderConfiguration.

## Example Usage

### IVS Encoder Configuration for High-Quality Streaming

Creates an Amazon IVS encoder configuration with high-quality 1080p video settings at 60 fps and 3 Mbps bitrate for optimal streaming performance.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create IVS Encoder Configuration
resource "awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration" "example" {
  name = "example-encoder-config"
  video = {
    bitrate   = 3000000 # 3 Mbps
    framerate = 60      # 60 fps
    height    = 1080    # 1080p
    width     = 1920    # 1920px
  }
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Encoder configuration name.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `video` (Attributes) Video configuration. Default: video resolution 1280x720, bitrate 2500 kbps, 30 fps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--video))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Encoder configuration identifier.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--video"></a>
### Nested Schema for `video`

Optional:

- `bitrate` (Number) Bitrate for generated output, in bps. Default: 2500000.
- `framerate` (Number) Video frame rate, in fps. Default: 30.
- `height` (Number) Video-resolution height. This must be an even number. Note that the maximum value is determined by width times height, such that the maximum total pixels is 2073600 (1920x1080 or 1080x1920). Default: 720.
- `width` (Number) Video-resolution width. This must be an even number. Note that the maximum value is determined by width times height, such that the maximum total pixels is 2073600 (1920x1080 or 1080x1920). Default: 1280.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ivs_encoder_configuration.example "arn"
```
