---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ivschat_room Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::IVSChat::Room.
---

# awscc_ivschat_room (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::IVSChat::Room.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `logging_configuration_identifiers` (Set of String) Array of logging configuration identifiers attached to the room.
- `maximum_message_length` (Number) The maximum number of characters in a single message.
- `maximum_message_rate_per_second` (Number) The maximum number of messages per second that can be sent to the room.
- `message_review_handler` (Attributes) Configuration information for optional review of messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--message_review_handler))
- `name` (String) The name of the room. The value does not need to be unique.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Room ARN is automatically generated on creation and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `room_id` (String) The system-generated ID of the room.

<a id="nestedatt--message_review_handler"></a>
### Nested Schema for `message_review_handler`

Optional:

- `fallback_result` (String) Specifies the fallback behavior if the handler does not return a valid response, encounters an error, or times out.
- `uri` (String) Identifier of the message review handler.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ivschat_room.example "arn"
```
