---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_kafkaconnect_connector Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::KafkaConnect::Connector
---

# awscc_kafkaconnect_connector (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::KafkaConnect::Connector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capacity` (Attributes) Information about the capacity allocated to the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity))
- `connector_configuration` (Map of String) The configuration for the connector.
- `connector_name` (String) The name of the connector.
- `kafka_cluster` (Attributes) Details of how to connect to the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_cluster))
- `kafka_cluster_client_authentication` (Attributes) Details of the client authentication used by the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_cluster_client_authentication))
- `kafka_cluster_encryption_in_transit` (Attributes) Details of encryption in transit to the Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_cluster_encryption_in_transit))
- `kafka_connect_version` (String) The version of Kafka Connect. It has to be compatible with both the Kafka cluster's version and the plugins.
- `plugins` (Attributes Set) List of plugins to use with the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plugins))
- `service_execution_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used by the connector to access Amazon S3 objects and other external resources.

### Optional

- `connector_description` (String) A summary description of the connector.
- `log_delivery` (Attributes) Details of what logs are delivered and where they are delivered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `worker_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies the worker configuration to use with the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--worker_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `connector_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name for the created Connector.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity`

Optional:

- `auto_scaling` (Attributes) Details about auto scaling of a connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling))
- `provisioned_capacity` (Attributes) Details about a fixed capacity allocated to a connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity--provisioned_capacity))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity.auto_scaling`

Optional:

- `max_worker_count` (Number) The maximum number of workers for a connector.
- `mcu_count` (Number) Specifies how many MSK Connect Units (MCU) as the minimum scaling unit.
- `min_worker_count` (Number) The minimum number of workers for a connector.
- `scale_in_policy` (Attributes) Information about the scale in policy of the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling--scale_in_policy))
- `scale_out_policy` (Attributes) Information about the scale out policy of the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling--scale_out_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling--scale_in_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity.auto_scaling.scale_in_policy`

Optional:

- `cpu_utilization_percentage` (Number) Specifies the CPU utilization percentage threshold at which connector scale in should trigger.


<a id="nestedatt--capacity--auto_scaling--scale_out_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity.auto_scaling.scale_out_policy`

Optional:

- `cpu_utilization_percentage` (Number) Specifies the CPU utilization percentage threshold at which connector scale out should trigger.



<a id="nestedatt--capacity--provisioned_capacity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity.provisioned_capacity`

Optional:

- `mcu_count` (Number) Specifies how many MSK Connect Units (MCU) are allocated to the connector.
- `worker_count` (Number) Number of workers for a connector.



<a id="nestedatt--kafka_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_cluster`

Required:

- `apache_kafka_cluster` (Attributes) Details of how to connect to an Apache Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_cluster--apache_kafka_cluster))

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_cluster--apache_kafka_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_cluster.apache_kafka_cluster`

Required:

- `bootstrap_servers` (String) The bootstrap servers string of the Apache Kafka cluster.
- `vpc` (Attributes) Information about a VPC used with the connector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_cluster--apache_kafka_cluster--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_cluster--apache_kafka_cluster--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_cluster.apache_kafka_cluster.vpc`

Required:

- `security_groups` (Set of String) The AWS security groups to associate with the elastic network interfaces in order to specify what the connector has access to.
- `subnets` (Set of String) The list of subnets to connect to in the virtual private cloud (VPC). AWS creates elastic network interfaces inside these subnets.




<a id="nestedatt--kafka_cluster_client_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_cluster_client_authentication`

Required:

- `authentication_type` (String) The type of client authentication used to connect to the Kafka cluster. Value NONE means that no client authentication is used.


<a id="nestedatt--kafka_cluster_encryption_in_transit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_cluster_encryption_in_transit`

Required:

- `encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption in transit to the Kafka cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugins`

Required:

- `custom_plugin` (Attributes) Details about a custom plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plugins--custom_plugin))

<a id="nestedatt--plugins--custom_plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plugins.custom_plugin`

Required:

- `custom_plugin_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the custom plugin to use.
- `revision` (Number) The revision of the custom plugin to use.



<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery`

Optional:

- `worker_log_delivery` (Attributes) Specifies where worker logs are delivered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.worker_log_delivery`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Details about delivering logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--cloudwatch_logs))
- `firehose` (Attributes) Details about delivering logs to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--firehose))
- `s3` (Attributes) Details about delivering logs to Amazon S3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.worker_log_delivery.cloudwatch_logs`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the logs get sent to the specified CloudWatch Logs destination.
- `log_group` (String) The CloudWatch log group that is the destination for log delivery.


<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.worker_log_delivery.firehose`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream` (String) The Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that is the destination for log delivery.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the logs get sent to the specified Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream.


<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--worker_log_delivery--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.worker_log_delivery.s3`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket that is the destination for log delivery.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the logs get sent to the specified Amazon S3 destination.
- `prefix` (String) The S3 prefix that is the destination for log delivery.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--worker_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `worker_configuration`

Optional:

- `revision` (Number) The revision of the worker configuration to use.
- `worker_configuration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the worker configuration to use.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_kafkaconnect_connector.example
  id = "connector_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_kafkaconnect_connector.example "connector_arn"
```
