
---
page_title: "awscc_kinesisvideo_stream Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type Definition for AWS::KinesisVideo::Stream
---

# awscc_kinesisvideo_stream (Resource)

Resource Type Definition for AWS::KinesisVideo::Stream

## Example Usage

### Kinesis Video Stream Configuration

Creates a Kinesis Video Stream with 24-hour data retention that supports H.264 video format from a specified device.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example configuration of an AWS Kinesis Video Stream
resource "awscc_kinesisvideo_stream" "example" {
  name                    = "example-video-stream"
  data_retention_in_hours = 24
  device_name             = "example-device"
  media_type              = "video/h264"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `data_retention_in_hours` (Number) The number of hours till which Kinesis Video will retain the data in the stream
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device that is writing to the stream.
- `kms_key_id` (String) AWS KMS key ID that Kinesis Video Streams uses to encrypt stream data.
- `media_type` (String) The media type of the stream. Consumers of the stream can use this information when processing the stream.
- `name` (String) The name of the Kinesis Video stream.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs associated with the Kinesis Video Stream. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Kinesis Video stream.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. Specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. The following characters can be used: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. Specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. The following characters can be used: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_kinesisvideo_stream.example "name"
```
