---
page_title: "awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Kinesis::StreamConsumer
---

# awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Kinesis::StreamConsumer

## Example Usage

### Kinesis Stream Consumer
Kinesis Stream Consumer configuration with dedicated stream processing

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a Kinesis stream first
resource "aws_kinesis_stream" "example_stream" {
  name             = "example-stream"
  shard_count      = 1
  retention_period = 24

  tags = {
    Name        = "example-stream"
    Environment = "example"
  }
}

# Create the Kinesis stream consumer using AWS CloudControl
resource "awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer" "example_consumer" {
  consumer_name = "example-consumer"
  stream_arn    = aws_kinesis_stream.example_stream.arn

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-consumer"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `consumer_name` (String) The name of the Kinesis Stream Consumer. For a given Kinesis data stream, each consumer must have a unique name. However, consumer names don't have to be unique across data streams.
- `stream_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the Kinesis data stream that you want to register the consumer with.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) An arbitrary set of tags (key–value pairs) to associate with the Kinesis consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `consumer_arn` (String) The ARN returned by Kinesis Data Streams when you registered the consumer. If you don't know the ARN of the consumer that you want to deregister, you can use the ListStreamConsumers operation to get a list of the descriptions of all the consumers that are currently registered with a given data stream. The description of a consumer contains its ARN.
- `consumer_creation_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the consumer was created.
- `consumer_status` (String) A consumer can't read data while in the CREATING or DELETING states. Valid Values: CREATING | DELETING | ACTIVE
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer.example
  identity = {
    consumer_arn = "consumer_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `consumer_arn` (String) The ARN returned by Kinesis Data Streams when you registered the consumer

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer.example
  id = "consumer_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_kinesis_stream_consumer.example "consumer_arn"
```
