---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lakeformation_data_cells_filter Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource schema representing a Lake Formation Data Cells Filter.
---

# awscc_lakeformation_data_cells_filter (Resource)

A resource schema representing a Lake Formation Data Cells Filter.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the Database that the Table resides in.
- `name` (String) The desired name of the Data Cells Filter.
- `table_catalog_id` (String) The Catalog Id of the Table on which to create a Data Cells Filter.
- `table_name` (String) The name of the Table to create a Data Cells Filter for.

### Optional

- `column_names` (List of String) A list of columns to be included in this Data Cells Filter.
- `column_wildcard` (Attributes) An object representing the Data Cells Filter's Columns. Either Column Names or a Wildcard is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--column_wildcard))
- `row_filter` (Attributes) An object representing the Data Cells Filter's Row Filter. Either a Filter Expression or a Wildcard is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--row_filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--column_wildcard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column_wildcard`

Optional:

- `excluded_column_names` (List of String) A list of column names to be excluded from the Data Cells Filter.


<a id="nestedatt--row_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `row_filter`

Optional:

- `all_rows_wildcard` (String) An empty object representing a row wildcard.
- `filter_expression` (String) A PartiQL predicate.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lakeformation_data_cells_filter.example TableCatalogId,DatabaseName,TableName,Name
```
