
---
page_title: "awscc_lambda_code_signing_config Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::CodeSigningConfig.
---

# awscc_lambda_code_signing_config (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::CodeSigningConfig.

## Example Usage

### Lambda Code Signing Configuration

Creates a Lambda code signing configuration that enforces code signing using AWS Signer with SHA384-ECDSA platform, ensuring only trusted artifacts can be deployed to Lambda functions.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create the Signer signing profile
resource "awscc_signer_signing_profile" "example" {
  platform_id = "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the Lambda code signing config
resource "awscc_lambda_code_signing_config" "example" {
  allowed_publishers = {
    signing_profile_version_arns = [awscc_signer_signing_profile.example.profile_version_arn]
  }

  code_signing_policies = {
    untrusted_artifact_on_deployment = "Enforce"
  }

  description = "Example Lambda code signing config using AWSCC"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allowed_publishers` (Attributes) When the CodeSigningConfig is later on attached to a function, the function code will be expected to be signed by profiles from this list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_publishers))

### Optional

- `code_signing_policies` (Attributes) Policies to control how to act if a signature is invalid (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_signing_policies))
- `description` (String) A description of the CodeSigningConfig
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to apply to CodeSigningConfig resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `code_signing_config_arn` (String) A unique Arn for CodeSigningConfig resource
- `code_signing_config_id` (String) A unique identifier for CodeSigningConfig resource
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_publishers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_publishers`

Required:

- `signing_profile_version_arns` (List of String) List of Signing profile version Arns


<a id="nestedatt--code_signing_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_signing_policies`

Optional:

- `untrusted_artifact_on_deployment` (String) Indicates how Lambda operations involve updating the code artifact will operate. Default to Warn if not provided


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_code_signing_config.example
  id = "code_signing_config_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_code_signing_config.example "code_signing_config_arn"
```
