---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_capacity_provider Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::CapacityProvider
---

# awscc_lambda_capacity_provider (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::CapacityProvider



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `permissions_config` (Attributes) IAM permissions configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions_config))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) VPC configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

### Optional

- `capacity_provider_name` (String) The name of the capacity provider. The name must be unique within your AWS account and region. If you don't specify a name, CloudFormation generates one.
- `capacity_provider_scaling_config` (Attributes) The scaling configuration for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config))
- `instance_requirements` (Attributes) Specifications for the types of EC2 instances that the capacity provider can use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_requirements))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key used by the capacity provider.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to apply to the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the capacity provider. This is a read-only property that is automatically generated when the capacity provider is created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The current state of the capacity provider.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions_config`

Required:

- `capacity_provider_operator_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that Lambda assumes to manage the capacity provider.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Required:

- `security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of security group IDs to associate with EC2 instances.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of subnet IDs where the capacity provider can launch EC2 instances.


<a id="nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_provider_scaling_config`

Optional:

- `max_v_cpu_count` (Number) The maximum number of EC2 instances that the capacity provider can scale up to.
- `scaling_mode` (String) The scaling mode for the capacity provider.
- `scaling_policies` (Attributes List) A list of target tracking scaling policies for the capacity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config--scaling_policies))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_provider_scaling_config--scaling_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_provider_scaling_config.scaling_policies`

Optional:

- `predefined_metric_type` (String) The predefined metric for target tracking.
- `target_value` (Number) The target value for the metric as a percentage (for example, 70.0 for 70%).



<a id="nestedatt--instance_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_requirements`

Optional:

- `allowed_instance_types` (List of String) A list of instance types that the capacity provider can use. Supports wildcards (for example, m5.*).
- `architectures` (List of String) The instruction set architecture for EC2 instances. Specify either x86_64 or arm64.
- `excluded_instance_types` (List of String) A list of instance types that the capacity provider should not use. Takes precedence over AllowedInstanceTypes.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_capacity_provider.example
  identity = {
    capacity_provider_name = "capacity_provider_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `capacity_provider_name` (String) The name of the capacity provider

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_capacity_provider.example
  id = "capacity_provider_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_capacity_provider.example "capacity_provider_name"
```
