---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_network_connector Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::NetworkConnector
---

# awscc_lambda_network_connector (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::NetworkConnector



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The network configuration for the connector. Specify a VpcEgressConfiguration to enable outbound traffic routing through your VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))

### Optional

- `name` (String) A unique name for the network connector within your account and Region. Must be 1 to 64 alphanumeric characters, hyphens, or underscores.
- `operator_role` (String) The ARN of the IAM role that Lambda assumes to manage elastic network interfaces in your VPC. This role must have permissions for ec2:CreateNetworkInterface and related describe operations.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to apply to the network connector. Use tags to categorize network connectors for cost allocation, access control, or operational management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network connector.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The current state of the network connector.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `vpc_egress_configuration` (Attributes) The VPC egress configuration for the network connector. Specifies the subnets, security groups, and network protocol for routing outbound traffic through your VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--vpc_egress_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--vpc_egress_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.vpc_egress_configuration`

Required:

- `associated_compute_resource_types` (List of String) The types of Lambda compute resources that can use this connector. Currently, only MicroVm is supported.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VPC subnets where Lambda provisions elastic network interfaces (ENIs). Specify 1 to 16 subnets. All subnets must be in the same VPC.

Optional:

- `network_protocol` (String) The network protocol for the connector. Specify IPv4 for IPv4-only networking, or DualStack for both IPv4 and IPv6.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the VPC security groups to attach to the ENIs. Specify 0 to 5 security groups. All security groups must be in the same VPC as the subnets.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_network_connector.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network connector

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_network_connector.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_network_connector.example "arn"
```
