---
page_title: "awscc_lambda_function Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::Function in region
---

# awscc_lambda_function (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::Function in region

## Example Usage

### Basic example
To create a AWS lambda function with basic details
```terraform
resource "awscc_iam_role" "main" {
  description = "AWS IAM role for lambda function"
  assume_role_policy_document = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17"
    Statement = [
      {
        Action = "sts:AssumeRole"
        Effect = "Allow"
        Sid    = ""
        Principal = {
          Service = "lambda.amazonaws.com"
        }
      },
    ]
  })
}

data "archive_file" "main" {
  type        = "zip"
  source_file = "main.py"
  output_path = "lambda_function_payload.zip"
}

resource "awscc_lambda_function" "main" {
  function_name = "lambda_function_name"
  description   = "AWS Lambda function"
  code = {
    zip_file = data.archive_file.main.output_path
  }
  package_type  = "Zip"
  handler       = "main.lambda_handler"
  runtime       = "python3.10"
  timeout       = "300"
  memory_size   = "128"
  role          = awscc_iam_role.main.arn
  architectures = ["arm64"]
  environment = {
    variables = {
      MY_KEY_1 = "MY_VALUE_1"
      MY_KEY_2 = "MY_VALUE_2"
    }
  }
}
```

### Lambda Layer example
To create a AWS lambda function using lambda layers
```terraform
resource "awscc_iam_role" "main" {
  description = "AWS IAM role for lambda function"
  assume_role_policy_document = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17"
    Statement = [
      {
        Action = "sts:AssumeRole"
        Effect = "Allow"
        Sid    = ""
        Principal = {
          Service = "lambda.amazonaws.com"
        }
      },
    ]
  })
}

data "archive_file" "main" {
  type        = "zip"
  source_file = "main.py"
  output_path = "lambda_function_payload.zip"
}

resource "aws_lambda_layer_version" "lambda_layer" {
  filename   = "lambda_layer_payload.zip"
  layer_name = "lambda_layer_name"

  compatible_runtimes = ["python3.10"]
}

resource "awscc_lambda_function" "main" {
  function_name = "lambda_function_name"
  description   = "AWS Lambda function"
  code = {
    zip_file = data.archive_file.main.output_path
  }
  handler       = "main.lambda_handler"
  runtime       = "python3.10"
  layers        = [aws_lambda_layer_version.lambda_layer.arn]
  timeout       = "300"
  memory_size   = "128"
  role          = awscc_iam_role.main.arn
  architectures = ["arm64"]
  environment = {
    variables = {
      MY_KEY_1 = "MY_VALUE_1"
      MY_KEY_2 = "MY_VALUE_2"
    }
  }
}
```

### Ephemeral storage example
To create a AWS lambda function using Ephemeral storage
```terraform
resource "awscc_iam_role" "main" {
  description = "AWS IAM role for lambda function"
  assume_role_policy_document = jsonencode({
    Version = "2012-10-17"
    Statement = [
      {
        Action = "sts:AssumeRole"
        Effect = "Allow"
        Sid    = ""
        Principal = {
          Service = "lambda.amazonaws.com"
        }
      },
    ]
  })
}

data "archive_file" "main" {
  type        = "zip"
  source_file = "main.py"
  output_path = "lambda_function_payload.zip"
}

resource "awscc_lambda_function" "main" {
  function_name = "lambda_function_name"
  description   = "AWS Lambda function"
  code = {
    zip_file = data.archive_file.main.output_path
  }
  handler       = "main.lambda_handler"
  runtime       = "python3.10"
  timeout       = "300"
  memory_size   = "128"
  role          = awscc_iam_role.main.arn
  architectures = ["arm64"]
  environment = {
    variables = {
      MY_KEY_1 = "MY_VALUE_1"
      MY_KEY_2 = "MY_VALUE_2"
    }
  }
  ephemeral_storage = {
    size = 10240 # Min 512 MB and the Max 10240 MB
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code` (Attributes) The code for the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code))
- `role` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function's execution role.

### Optional

- `architectures` (List of String)
- `code_signing_config_arn` (String) A unique Arn for CodeSigningConfig resource
- `dead_letter_config` (Attributes) A dead letter queue configuration that specifies the queue or topic where Lambda sends asynchronous events when they fail processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dead_letter_config))
- `description` (String) A description of the function.
- `environment` (Attributes) Environment variables that are accessible from function code during execution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment))
- `ephemeral_storage` (Attributes) A function's ephemeral storage settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ephemeral_storage))
- `file_system_configs` (Attributes List) Connection settings for an Amazon EFS file system. To connect a function to a file system, a mount target must be available in every Availability Zone that your function connects to. If your template contains an AWS::EFS::MountTarget resource, you must also specify a DependsOn attribute to ensure that the mount target is created or updated before the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_system_configs))
- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function, up to 64 characters in length. If you don't specify a name, AWS CloudFormation generates one.
- `handler` (String) The name of the method within your code that Lambda calls to execute your function. The format includes the file name. It can also include namespaces and other qualifiers, depending on the runtime
- `image_config` (Attributes) ImageConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image_config))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that's used to encrypt your function's environment variables. If it's not provided, AWS Lambda uses a default service key.
- `layers` (List of String) A list of function layers to add to the function's execution environment. Specify each layer by its ARN, including the version.
- `logging_config` (Attributes) The logging configuration of your function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging_config))
- `memory_size` (Number) The amount of memory that your function has access to. Increasing the function's memory also increases its CPU allocation. The default value is 128 MB. The value must be a multiple of 64 MB.
- `package_type` (String) PackageType.
- `policy` (String) The resource policy of your function
- `reserved_concurrent_executions` (Number) The number of simultaneous executions to reserve for the function.
- `runtime` (String) The identifier of the function's runtime.
- `runtime_management_config` (Attributes) RuntimeManagementConfig (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_management_config))
- `snap_start` (Attributes) The SnapStart setting of your function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snap_start))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to apply to the function. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `timeout` (Number) The amount of time that Lambda allows a function to run before stopping it. The default is 3 seconds. The maximum allowed value is 900 seconds.
- `tracing_config` (Attributes) Set Mode to Active to sample and trace a subset of incoming requests with AWS X-Ray. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tracing_config))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) For network connectivity to AWS resources in a VPC, specify a list of security groups and subnets in the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Unique identifier for function resources
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `snap_start_response` (Attributes) The SnapStart response of your function (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snap_start_response))

<a id="nestedatt--code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code`

Optional:

- `image_uri` (String) ImageUri.
- `s3_bucket` (String) An Amazon S3 bucket in the same AWS Region as your function. The bucket can be in a different AWS account.
- `s3_key` (String) The Amazon S3 key of the deployment package.
- `s3_object_version` (String) For versioned objects, the version of the deployment package object to use.
- `zip_file` (String) The source code of your Lambda function. If you include your function source inline with this parameter, AWS CloudFormation places it in a file named index and zips it to create a deployment package..


<a id="nestedatt--dead_letter_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dead_letter_config`

Optional:

- `target_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Amazon SQS queue or Amazon SNS topic.


<a id="nestedatt--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment`

Optional:

- `variables` (Map of String) Environment variable key-value pairs.


<a id="nestedatt--ephemeral_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ephemeral_storage`

Required:

- `size` (Number) The amount of ephemeral storage that your function has access to.


<a id="nestedatt--file_system_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_system_configs`

Required:

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon EFS access point that provides access to the file system.
- `local_mount_path` (String) The path where the function can access the file system, starting with /mnt/.


<a id="nestedatt--image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image_config`

Optional:

- `command` (List of String) Command.
- `entry_point` (List of String) EntryPoint.
- `working_directory` (String) WorkingDirectory.


<a id="nestedatt--logging_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging_config`

Optional:

- `application_log_level` (String) Application log granularity level, can only be used when LogFormat is set to JSON
- `log_format` (String) Log delivery format for the lambda function
- `log_group` (String) The log group name.
- `system_log_level` (String) System log granularity level, can only be used when LogFormat is set to JSON


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_management_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_management_config`

Required:

- `update_runtime_on` (String) Trigger for runtime update

Optional:

- `runtime_version_arn` (String) Unique identifier for a runtime version arn


<a id="nestedatt--snap_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snap_start`

Required:

- `apply_on` (String) Applying SnapStart setting on function resource type.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--tracing_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tracing_config`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The tracing mode.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Optional:

- `ipv_6_allowed_for_dual_stack` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether IPv6 protocols will be allowed for dual stack subnets
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of VPC security groups IDs.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of VPC subnet IDs.


<a id="nestedatt--snap_start_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snap_start_response`

Read-Only:

- `apply_on` (String) Applying SnapStart setting on function resource type.
- `optimization_status` (String) Indicates whether SnapStart is activated for the specified function version.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_function.example <resource ID>
```