---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_event_invoke_config Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::Lambda::EventInvokeConfig resource configures options for asynchronous invocation on a version or an alias.
---

# awscc_lambda_event_invoke_config (Resource)

The AWS::Lambda::EventInvokeConfig resource configures options for asynchronous invocation on a version or an alias.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `function_name` (String) The name of the Lambda function.
- `qualifier` (String) The identifier of a version or alias.

### Optional

- `destination_config` (Attributes) A destination for events after they have been sent to a function for processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config))
- `maximum_event_age_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum age of a request that Lambda sends to a function for processing.
- `maximum_retry_attempts` (Number) The maximum number of times to retry when the function returns an error.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config`

Optional:

- `on_failure` (Attributes) The destination configuration for failed invocations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config--on_failure))
- `on_success` (Attributes) The destination configuration for successful invocations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_config--on_success))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_config--on_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config.on_failure`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination resource.


<a id="nestedatt--destination_config--on_success"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_config.on_success`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the destination resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_event_invoke_config.example "function_name|qualifier"
```
