---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lambda_microvm_image Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::MicrovmImage
---

# awscc_lambda_microvm_image (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::MicrovmImage



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `additional_os_capabilities` (Set of String)
- `base_image_arn` (String) ARN of the base MicroVM image.
- `base_image_version` (String) Specific version of the base MicroVM image to use.
- `build_role_arn` (String) ARN of the IAM build role.
- `code_artifact` (Attributes) Code artifact for the active MicroVM image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_artifact))
- `cpu_configurations` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cpu_configurations))
- `description` (String) Human-readable description of the MicroVM image and its purpose.
- `egress_network_connectors` (Set of String)
- `environment_variables` (Attributes Set) Environment variables to set in the container during the snapshot build. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment_variables))
- `hooks` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hooks))
- `logging` (Attributes) Configuration for MicroVM image logging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `name` (String) Unique name for the MicroVM image within the account.
- `resources` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) Key-value pairs to associate with the MicroVM image for organization and management. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the MicroVM image was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `image_arn` (String) ARN of the MicroVM image.
- `latest_active_image_version` (String) The latest active version of the MicroVM image.
- `latest_failed_image_version` (String) The latest failed version of the MicroVM image.
- `state` (String) Current state of the MicroVM image.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the MicroVM image was updated.

<a id="nestedatt--code_artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_artifact`

Required:

- `uri` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cpu_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cpu_configurations`

Required:

- `architecture` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_variables`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks`

Optional:

- `microvm_hooks` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hooks--microvm_hooks))
- `microvm_image_hooks` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hooks--microvm_image_hooks))
- `port` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--hooks--microvm_hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks.microvm_hooks`

Optional:

- `resume` (String)
- `resume_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)
- `run` (String)
- `run_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)
- `suspend` (String)
- `suspend_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)
- `terminate` (String)
- `terminate_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--hooks--microvm_image_hooks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hooks.microvm_image_hooks`

Optional:

- `ready` (String)
- `ready_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)
- `validate` (String)
- `validate_timeout_in_seconds` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging--cloudwatch))
- `disabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--logging--cloudwatch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging.cloudwatch`

Optional:

- `log_group` (String)
- `log_stream` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `minimum_memory_in_mi_b` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_microvm_image.example
  identity = {
    image_arn = "image_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `image_arn` (String) ARN of the MicroVM image

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_microvm_image.example
  id = "image_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_microvm_image.example "image_arn"
```
