---
page_title: "awscc_lambda_url Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::Url
---

# awscc_lambda_url (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lambda::Url

See the [AWS Lambda documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-urls.html) for more information.

## Example Usage

Configure Lambda url with no auth.

```terraform
resource "awscc_lambda_url" "example_no_auth" {
  target_function_arn = var.function_arn
  auth_type           = "NONE"
}

variable "function_arn" {
  type        = string
  description = "ARN of the lambda function"
}
```

Configure Lambda url set with `AWS_IAM` for auth.

```terraform
resource "awscc_lambda_url" "example_auth_iam" {
  target_function_arn = var.function_arn
  auth_type           = "AWS_IAM"

  cors = {
    allow_credentials = true
    allow_origins     = ["*"]
    allow_methods     = ["*"]
    allow_headers     = ["date", "keep-alive"]
    expose_headers    = ["keep-alive", "date"]
    max_age           = 86400
  }
}

variable "function_arn" {
  type        = string
  description = "ARN of the lambda function"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_type` (String) Can be either AWS_IAM if the requests are authorized via IAM, or NONE if no authorization is configured on the Function URL.
- `target_function_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function associated with the Function URL.

### Optional

- `cors` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors))
- `invoke_mode` (String) The invocation mode for the function's URL. Set to BUFFERED if you want to buffer responses before returning them to the client. Set to RESPONSE_STREAM if you want to stream responses, allowing faster time to first byte and larger response payload sizes. If not set, defaults to BUFFERED.
- `qualifier` (String) The alias qualifier for the target function. If TargetFunctionArn is unqualified then Qualifier must be passed.

### Read-Only

- `function_arn` (String) The full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function associated with the Function URL.
- `function_url` (String) The generated url for this resource.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--cors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) Specifies whether credentials are included in the CORS request.
- `allow_headers` (List of String) Represents a collection of allowed headers.
- `allow_methods` (List of String) Represents a collection of allowed HTTP methods.
- `allow_origins` (List of String) Represents a collection of allowed origins.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) Represents a collection of exposed headers.
- `max_age` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lambda_url.example
  id = "function_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lambda_url.example "function_arn"
```