
---
page_title: "awscc_lex_bot_alias Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Bot Alias enables you to change the version of a bot without updating applications that use the bot
---

# awscc_lex_bot_alias (Resource)

A Bot Alias enables you to change the version of a bot without updating applications that use the bot

## Example Usage

### Lex Bot Alias with Conversation Logging

Creates an Amazon Lex bot alias with conversation logging enabled, sentiment analysis, and locale settings for English (US), including integration with Lambda functions for code hooks.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Example configuration for an Amazon Lex bot alias 
# Please replace XXXXXXXXXXX with your bot ID
resource "awscc_lex_bot_alias" "example" {
  bot_alias_name = "TestBotAlias"
  bot_id         = "XXXXXXXXXX" # Replace with a valid bot ID
  bot_version    = "DRAFT"
  description    = "Test bot alias for example"

  bot_alias_locale_settings = [{
    locale_id = "en_US"
    bot_alias_locale_setting = {
      enabled = true
      code_hook_specification = {
        lambda_code_hook = {
          lambda_arn                  = "arn:aws:lambda:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:function:example-function"
          code_hook_interface_version = "1.0"
        }
      }
    }
  }]

  sentiment_analysis_settings = {
    detect_sentiment = true
  }

  conversation_log_settings = {
    text_log_settings = [{
      enabled = true
      destination = {
        cloudwatch = {
          cloudwatch_log_group_arn = "arn:aws:logs:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:log-group:/aws/lex/TestBot:*",
          log_prefix               = "TestBot/"
        }
      }
    }]
  }

  bot_alias_tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Test"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bot_alias_name` (String) A unique identifier for a resource.
- `bot_id` (String) Unique ID of resource

### Optional

- `bot_alias_locale_settings` (Attributes Set) A list of bot alias locale settings to add to the bot alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings))
- `bot_alias_tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags to add to the bot alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_tags))
- `bot_version` (String) The version of a bot.
- `conversation_log_settings` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings))
- `description` (String) A description of the bot alias. Use the description to help identify the bot alias in lists.
- `sentiment_analysis_settings` (Attributes) Determines whether Amazon Lex will use Amazon Comprehend to detect the sentiment of user utterances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sentiment_analysis_settings))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `bot_alias_id` (String) Unique ID of resource
- `bot_alias_status` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings`

Optional:

- `bot_alias_locale_setting` (Attributes) You can use this parameter to specify a specific Lambda function to run different functions in different locales. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting))
- `locale_id` (String) A string used to identify the locale

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting`

Optional:

- `code_hook_specification` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Lambda code hook is enabled

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting.code_hook_specification`

Optional:

- `lambda_code_hook` (Attributes) Contains information about code hooks that Amazon Lex calls during a conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification--lambda_code_hook))

<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_locale_settings--bot_alias_locale_setting--code_hook_specification--lambda_code_hook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_locale_settings.bot_alias_locale_setting.code_hook_specification.lambda_code_hook`

Optional:

- `code_hook_interface_version` (String) The version of the request-response that you want Amazon Lex to use to invoke your Lambda function.
- `lambda_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lambda function.





<a id="nestedatt--bot_alias_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bot_alias_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A string used to identify this tag
- `value` (String) A string containing the value for the tag


<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings`

Optional:

- `audio_log_settings` (Attributes Set) List of audio log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings))
- `text_log_settings` (Attributes Set) List of text log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings`

Optional:

- `destination` (Attributes) The location of audio log files collected when conversation logging is enabled for a bot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings.destination`

Optional:

- `s3_bucket` (Attributes) Specifies an Amazon S3 bucket for logging audio conversations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination--s3_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--audio_log_settings--destination--s3_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.audio_log_settings.destination.s3_bucket`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Key Management Service (KMS) key for encrypting audio log files stored in an S3 bucket.
- `log_prefix` (String) The Amazon S3 key of the deployment package.
- `s3_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an Amazon S3 bucket where audio log files are stored.




<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings`

Optional:

- `destination` (Attributes) Defines the Amazon CloudWatch Logs destination log group for conversation text logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings.destination`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination--cloudwatch))

<a id="nestedatt--conversation_log_settings--text_log_settings--destination--cloudwatch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conversation_log_settings.text_log_settings.destination.cloudwatch`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_log_group_arn` (String) A string used to identify the groupArn for the Cloudwatch Log Group
- `log_prefix` (String) A string containing the value for the Log Prefix





<a id="nestedatt--sentiment_analysis_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sentiment_analysis_settings`

Optional:

- `detect_sentiment` (Boolean) Enable to call Amazon Comprehend for Sentiment natively within Lex

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lex_bot_alias.example "bot_alias_id|bot_id"
```
