---
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::DatabaseSnapshot
---

# awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::DatabaseSnapshot

## Example Usage

### Create a Lightsail database snapshot
Create a Lightsail database snapshot for backup and point-in-time recovery
```terraform
# Password can include any printable ASCII character except "/", """, or "@"
resource "random_password" "master" {
  length           = 16
  special          = true
  override_special = "!#$%&*()-_=+[]{}<>:?"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_database" "example" {
  master_database_name             = "example"
  master_username                  = "pgadmin"
  relational_database_blueprint_id = "postgres_16"
  relational_database_bundle_id    = "small_2_0"
  relational_database_name         = "example-db"
  availability_zone                = "us-west-2a"
  backup_retention                 = true
  master_user_password             = random_password.master.result
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot" "example" {
  source_database_name   = awscc_lightsail_database.example.relational_database_name
  database_snapshot_name = "example-snapshot"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `relational_database_name` (String) The name of the database on which to base your new snapshot.
- `relational_database_snapshot_name` (String) The name for your new database snapshot.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database snapshot.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the database snapshot was created.
- `engine` (String) The software of the database snapshot (for example, MySQL).
- `engine_version` (String) The database engine version for the database snapshot (for example, 5.7.23).
- `from_relational_database_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `from_relational_database_blueprint_id` (String) The blueprint ID of the database from which the database snapshot was created. A blueprint describes the major engine version of a database.
- `from_relational_database_bundle_id` (String) The bundle ID of the database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `from_relational_database_name` (String) The name of the source database from which the database snapshot was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location` (Attributes) The Region name and Availability Zone where the database snapshot is located. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String) The name of the database snapshot.
- `resource_type` (String) The Lightsail resource type.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the disk in GB (for example, 32) for the database snapshot.
- `state` (String) The state of the database snapshot.
- `support_code` (String) The support code for the database snapshot. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about a database snapshot in Lightsail. This code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail information more easily.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone where the database snapshot was created.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region where the database snapshot was created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot.example
  identity = {
    relational_database_snapshot_name = "relational_database_snapshot_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `relational_database_snapshot_name` (String) The name for your new database snapshot

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot.example
  id = "relational_database_snapshot_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_database_snapshot.example "relational_database_snapshot_name"
```