---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_domain Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Domain
---

# awscc_lightsail_domain (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Domain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_name` (String) The name of the domain to manage in Lightsail.

### Optional

- `domain_entries` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs containing information about the domain entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domain_entries))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the domain (read-only).
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the domain was created (read-only).
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `location` (Attributes) The AWS Region and Availability Zone where the domain was created (read-only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `resource_type` (String) The Lightsail resource type (read-only).
- `support_code` (String) The support code. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions (read-only).

<a id="nestedatt--domain_entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domain_entries`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the domain recordset entry.
- `is_alias` (Boolean) When true, specifies whether the domain entry is an alias used by the Lightsail load balancer, Lightsail container service, Lightsail content delivery network (CDN) distribution, or another AWS resource. You can include an alias (A type) record in your request, which points to the DNS name of a load balancer, container service, CDN distribution, or other AWS resource and routes traffic to that resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the domain entry.
- `target` (String) The target AWS name server (e.g., ns-111.awsdns-11.com).
- `type` (String) The type of domain entry (e.g., A, CNAME, MX, NS, SOA, SRV, TXT).


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_domain.example
  id = "domain_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_domain.example "domain_name"
```
