---
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Certificate.
---

# awscc_lightsail_certificate (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_certificate" "example" {
  certificate_name          = "example-cert"
  domain_name               = "example.com"
  subject_alternative_names = ["www.example.com"]
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_name` (String) The name for the certificate.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name (e.g., example.com ) for the certificate.

### Optional

- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) An array of strings that specify the alternate domains (e.g., example2.com) and subdomains (e.g., blog.example.com) for the certificate.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `certificate_arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The validation status of the certificate.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_certificate.example "certificate_name"
```