---
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_disk Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Disk
---

# awscc_lightsail_disk (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Disk

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_disk" "example" {
  disk_name         = "example-disk"
  size_in_gb        = "32"
  availability_zone = "us-east-1a"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### With Automatic Snapshots

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_disk" "example" {
  disk_name  = "example-disk"
  size_in_gb = "32"
  add_ons = [{
    add_on_type = "AutoSnapshot"
    auto_snapshot_add_on_request = {
      snapshot_time_of_day = "06:00"
    }
  }]
  availability_zone = "us-east-1a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_name` (String) The names to use for your new Lightsail disk.
- `size_in_gb` (Number) Size of the Lightsail disk

### Optional

- `add_ons` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the add-ons to enable for the new instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons))
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your instance. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `location` (Attributes) Location of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `attached_to` (String) Name of the attached Lightsail Instance
- `attachment_state` (String) Attachment State of the Lightsail disk
- `disk_arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `iops` (Number) Iops of the Lightsail disk
- `is_attached` (Boolean) Check is Disk is attached state
- `path` (String) Path of the  attached Disk
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of Lightsail instance.
- `state` (String) State of the Lightsail disk
- `support_code` (String) Support code to help identify any issues

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Optional:

- `add_on_type` (String) The add-on type
- `auto_snapshot_add_on_request` (Attributes) An object that represents additional parameters when enabling or modifying the automatic snapshot add-on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request))
- `status` (String) Status of the Addon

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons.auto_snapshot_add_on_request`

Optional:

- `snapshot_time_of_day` (String) The daily time when an automatic snapshot will be created.



<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your disk. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `region_name` (String) The Region Name in which to create your disk.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_disk.example
  id = "disk_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_disk.example "disk_name"
```