---
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_distribution Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Distribution
---

# awscc_lightsail_distribution (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Distribution

## Example Usage

### With Lightsail Bucket Origin

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_bucket" "example" {
  bucket_name = "example-bucket"
  bundle_id   = "small_1_0"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_distribution" "example" {
  bundle_id = "small_1_0"
  default_cache_behavior = {
    behavior = "cache"
  }
  distribution_name = "example-dist"
  origin = {
    name        = awscc_lightsail_bucket.example.bucket_name
    region_name = "us-east-1"
  }
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### With Lightsail WordPress Instance Origin

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_instance" "example" {
  blueprint_id  = "wordpress"
  bundle_id     = "small_3_0"
  instance_name = "example-instance"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_static_ip" "example" {
  static_ip_name = "example-ip"
  attached_to    = awscc_lightsail_instance.example.id
}


resource "awscc_lightsail_distribution" "example" {
  bundle_id = "small_1_0"
  default_cache_behavior = {
    behavior = "dont-cache"
  }
  distribution_name = "example-dist"
  origin = {
    name        = awscc_lightsail_instance.example.instance_name
    region_name = "us-east-1"
  }
  cache_behaviors = [
    {
      behavior = "cache"
      path     = "wp-content/*"
    },
    {
      behavior = "cache"
      path     = "wp-includes/*"
    }
  ]
  cache_behavior_settings = {
    allowed_http_methods = "GET,HEAD,OPTIONS"
    cached_http_methods  = "GET,HEAD"
    default_ttl          = 86400
    forwarded_cookies = {
      option = "none"
    }
    forwarded_headers = {
      headers_allow_list = ["host"]
      option             = "allow-list"
    }
    forwarded_query_strings = {
      option = true
    }

  }
  depends_on = [awscc_lightsail_static_ip.example]
}
```

### With Lightsail Load Balancer Origin

```terraform
# Assume certificate is already created and verified
data "awscc_lightsail_certificate" "example" {
  id = "example-cert"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_instance" "example" {
  blueprint_id  = "nginx"
  bundle_id     = "nano_3_0"
  instance_name = "example-instance"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_load_balancer" "example" {
  instance_port      = 80
  load_balancer_name = "example-lb"
  attached_instances = [awscc_lightsail_instance.example.instance_name]
}
resource "awscc_lightsail_distribution" "example" {
  bundle_id = "small_1_0"
  default_cache_behavior = {
    behavior = "dont-cache"
  }
  distribution_name = "example-dist"
  origin = {
    name        = awscc_lightsail_load_balancer.example.load_balancer_name
    region_name = "us-east-1"
  }
  certificate_name = data.awscc_lightsail_certificate.example.certificate_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle ID to use for the distribution.
- `default_cache_behavior` (Attributes) An object that describes the default cache behavior for the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_cache_behavior))
- `distribution_name` (String) The name for the distribution.
- `origin` (Attributes) An object that describes the origin resource for the distribution, such as a Lightsail instance or load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin))

### Optional

- `cache_behavior_settings` (Attributes) An object that describes the cache behavior settings for the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings))
- `cache_behaviors` (Attributes Set) An array of objects that describe the per-path cache behavior for the distribution. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_behaviors))
- `certificate_name` (String) The certificate attached to the Distribution.
- `ip_address_type` (String) The IP address type for the distribution.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the distribution is enabled.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `able_to_update_bundle` (Boolean) Indicates whether the bundle that is currently applied to your distribution, specified using the distributionName parameter, can be changed to another bundle.
- `distribution_arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the distribution.

<a id="nestedatt--default_cache_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_cache_behavior`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) The cache behavior of the distribution.


<a id="nestedatt--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the origin resource.
- `protocol_policy` (String) The protocol that your Amazon Lightsail distribution uses when establishing a connection with your origin to pull content.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region name of the origin resource.


<a id="nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_behavior_settings`

Optional:

- `allowed_http_methods` (String) The HTTP methods that are processed and forwarded to the distribution's origin.
- `cached_http_methods` (String) The HTTP method responses that are cached by your distribution.
- `default_ttl` (Number) The default amount of time that objects stay in the distribution's cache before the distribution forwards another request to the origin to determine whether the content has been updated.
- `forwarded_cookies` (Attributes) An object that describes the cookies that are forwarded to the origin. Your content is cached based on the cookies that are forwarded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_cookies))
- `forwarded_headers` (Attributes) An object that describes the headers that are forwarded to the origin. Your content is cached based on the headers that are forwarded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_headers))
- `forwarded_query_strings` (Attributes) An object that describes the query strings that are forwarded to the origin. Your content is cached based on the query strings that are forwarded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_query_strings))
- `maximum_ttl` (Number) The maximum amount of time that objects stay in the distribution's cache before the distribution forwards another request to the origin to determine whether the object has been updated.
- `minimum_ttl` (Number) The minimum amount of time that objects stay in the distribution's cache before the distribution forwards another request to the origin to determine whether the object has been updated.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_behavior_settings.forwarded_cookies`

Optional:

- `cookies_allow_list` (Set of String) The specific cookies to forward to your distribution's origin.
- `option` (String) Specifies which cookies to forward to the distribution's origin for a cache behavior: all, none, or allow-list to forward only the cookies specified in the cookiesAllowList parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_behavior_settings.forwarded_headers`

Optional:

- `headers_allow_list` (Set of String) The specific headers to forward to your distribution's origin.
- `option` (String) The headers that you want your distribution to forward to your origin and base caching on.


<a id="nestedatt--cache_behavior_settings--forwarded_query_strings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_behavior_settings.forwarded_query_strings`

Optional:

- `option` (Boolean) Indicates whether the distribution forwards and caches based on query strings.
- `query_strings_allow_list` (Set of String) The specific query strings that the distribution forwards to the origin.



<a id="nestedatt--cache_behaviors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_behaviors`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) The cache behavior for the specified path.
- `path` (String) The path to a directory or file to cached, or not cache. Use an asterisk symbol to specify wildcard directories (path/to/assets/*), and file types (*.html, *jpg, *js). Directories and file paths are case-sensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_distribution.example "distribution_name"
```