---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_instance Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Instance
---

# awscc_lightsail_instance (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Instance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `blueprint_id` (String) The ID for a virtual private server image (e.g., app_wordpress_4_4 or app_lamp_7_0 ). Use the get blueprints operation to return a list of available images (or blueprints ).
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle of specification information for your virtual private server (or instance ), including the pricing plan (e.g., micro_1_0 ).
- `instance_name` (String) The names to use for your new Lightsail instance.

### Optional

- `add_ons` (Attributes List) An array of objects representing the add-ons to enable for the new instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons))
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your instance. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `hardware` (Attributes) Hardware of the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware))
- `key_pair_name` (String) The name of your key pair.
- `location` (Attributes) Location of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `networking` (Attributes) Networking of the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking))
- `state` (Attributes) Current State of the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_data` (String) A launch script you can create that configures a server with additional user data. For example, you might want to run apt-get -y update.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_arn` (String)
- `is_static_ip` (Boolean) Is the IP Address of the Instance is the static IP
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private IP Address of the Instance
- `public_ip_address` (String) Public IP Address of the Instance
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type of Lightsail instance.
- `ssh_key_name` (String) SSH Key Name of the  Lightsail instance.
- `support_code` (String) Support code to help identify any issues
- `user_name` (String) Username of the  Lightsail instance.

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Optional:

- `add_on_type` (String) The add-on type
- `auto_snapshot_add_on_request` (Attributes) An object that represents additional parameters when enabling or modifying the automatic snapshot add-on (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request))
- `status` (String) Status of the Addon

<a id="nestedatt--add_ons--auto_snapshot_add_on_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons.auto_snapshot_add_on_request`

Optional:

- `snapshot_time_of_day` (String) The daily time when an automatic snapshot will be created.



<a id="nestedatt--hardware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware`

Optional:

- `cpu_count` (Number) CPU count of the Instance.
- `disks` (Attributes Set) Disks attached to the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hardware--disks))
- `ram_size_in_gb` (Number) RAM Size of the Instance.

<a id="nestedatt--hardware--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hardware.disks`

Optional:

- `attached_to` (String) Instance attached to the disk.
- `attachment_state` (String) Attachment state of the disk.
- `disk_name` (String) The names to use for your new Lightsail disk.
- `iops` (Number) IOPS of disk.
- `is_system_disk` (Boolean) Is the Attached disk is the system disk of the Instance.
- `path` (String) Path of the disk attached to the instance.
- `size_in_gb` (String) Size of the disk attached to the Instance.



<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to create your instance. Use the following format: us-east-2a (case sensitive). Be sure to add the include Availability Zones parameter to your request.
- `region_name` (String) The Region Name in which to create your instance.


<a id="nestedatt--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking`

Optional:

- `monthly_transfer` (Attributes) Monthly Transfer of the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking--monthly_transfer))
- `ports` (Attributes Set) Ports to the Instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--networking--monthly_transfer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking.monthly_transfer`

Optional:

- `gb_per_month_allocated` (String) GbPerMonthAllocated of the Instance.


<a id="nestedatt--networking--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking.ports`

Optional:

- `access_direction` (String) Access Direction for Protocol of the Instance(inbound/outbound).
- `access_from` (String) Access From Protocol of the Instance.
- `access_type` (String) Access Type Protocol of the Instance.
- `cidr_list_aliases` (List of String) cidr List Aliases
- `cidrs` (List of String) cidrs
- `common_name` (String) CommonName for Protocol of the Instance.
- `from_port` (Number) From Port of the Instance.
- `ipv_6_cidrs` (List of String) IPv6 Cidrs
- `protocol` (String) Port Protocol of the Instance.
- `to_port` (Number) To Port of the Instance.



<a id="nestedatt--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state`

Optional:

- `code` (Number) Status code of the Instance.
- `name` (String) Status code of the Instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_instance.example <resource ID>
```
