---
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Bucket
---

# awscc_lightsail_bucket (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::Bucket

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_bucket" "example" {
  bucket_name = "example-bucket"
  bundle_id   = "small_1_0"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

### With Security-Related Settings

```terraform
resource "awscc_lightsail_instance" "example" {
  blueprint_id  = "amazon_linux_2023"
  bundle_id     = "nano_3_0"
  instance_name = "example-instance"
}

resource "awscc_lightsail_bucket" "example" {
  bucket_name = "example-bucket"
  bundle_id   = "small_1_0"
  access_rules = {
    allow_public_overrides = false
    get_object             = "private"
  }
  object_versioning          = true
  read_only_access_accounts  = ["222222222222"]
  resources_receiving_access = [awscc_lightsail_instance.example.instance_name]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The name for the bucket.
- `bundle_id` (String) The ID of the bundle to use for the bucket.

### Optional

- `access_rules` (Attributes) An object that sets the public accessibility of objects in the specified bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_rules))
- `object_versioning` (Boolean) Specifies whether to enable or disable versioning of objects in the bucket.
- `read_only_access_accounts` (Set of String) An array of strings to specify the AWS account IDs that can access the bucket.
- `resources_receiving_access` (Set of String) The names of the Lightsail resources for which to set bucket access.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `able_to_update_bundle` (Boolean) Indicates whether the bundle that is currently applied to a bucket can be changed to another bundle. You can update a bucket's bundle only one time within a monthly AWS billing cycle.
- `bucket_arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `url` (String) The URL of the bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--access_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_rules`

Optional:

- `allow_public_overrides` (Boolean) A Boolean value that indicates whether the access control list (ACL) permissions that are applied to individual objects override the getObject option that is currently specified.
- `get_object` (String) Specifies the anonymous access to all objects in a bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_bucket.example "bucket_name"
```