---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lightsail_disk_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::DiskSnapshot
---

# awscc_lightsail_disk_snapshot (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Lightsail::DiskSnapshot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_name` (String) The name of the source disk from which the snapshot was created.
- `disk_snapshot_name` (String) The name of the disk snapshot (e.g., my-disk-snapshot).

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the disk snapshot was created.
- `disk_snapshot_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the disk snapshot.
- `from_disk_name` (String) The name of the source disk from which the disk snapshot was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_from_auto_snapshot` (Boolean) A Boolean value indicating whether the snapshot was created from an automatic snapshot.
- `location` (Attributes) The AWS Region and Availability Zone where the disk snapshot was created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `progress` (String) The progress of the disk snapshot creation operation.
- `resource_type` (String) The Lightsail resource type (DiskSnapshot).
- `size_in_gb` (Number) The size of the disk snapshot in GB.
- `state` (String) The status of the disk snapshot operation.
- `support_code` (String) The support code. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about an instance or another resource in Lightsail.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone where the disk snapshot was created.
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region where the disk snapshot was created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_disk_snapshot.example
  identity = {
    disk_snapshot_name = "disk_snapshot_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `disk_snapshot_name` (String) The name of the disk snapshot (e

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_lightsail_disk_snapshot.example
  id = "disk_snapshot_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lightsail_disk_snapshot.example "disk_snapshot_name"
```
