
---
page_title: "awscc_location_place_index Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Location::PlaceIndex Resource Type
---

# awscc_location_place_index (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Location::PlaceIndex Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Location Place Index with Esri Data Source

Creates an Amazon Location Service place index using Esri as the data source provider with single-use configuration and request-based usage pricing plan.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create location place index
resource "awscc_location_place_index" "example" {
  data_source = "Esri"
  index_name  = "location-place-index-example"

  data_source_configuration = {
    intended_use = "SingleUse"
  }

  description  = "Example Location place index using AWSCC provider"
  pricing_plan = "RequestBasedUsage"

  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_source` (String)
- `index_name` (String)

### Optional

- `data_source_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_source_configuration))
- `description` (String)
- `pricing_plan` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `create_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `index_arn` (String)
- `update_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)

<a id="nestedatt--data_source_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_configuration`

Optional:

- `intended_use` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_location_place_index.example "index_name"
```
