
---
page_title: "awscc_location_tracker Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Location::Tracker Resource Type
---

# awscc_location_tracker (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Location::Tracker Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Create Location Tracker with Time-Based Position Filtering

To create an Amazon Location Service tracker with time-based position filtering and request-based usage pricing plan.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Location Tracker
resource "awscc_location_tracker" "example" {
  tracker_name = "example-tracker"
  description  = "Example Location Tracker"

  position_filtering = "TimeBased"
  pricing_plan       = "RequestBasedUsage"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified_By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `tracker_name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `event_bridge_enabled` (Boolean)
- `kms_key_enable_geospatial_queries` (Boolean)
- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `position_filtering` (String)
- `pricing_plan` (String)
- `pricing_plan_data_source` (String) This shape is deprecated since 2022-02-01: Deprecated. No longer allowed.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `create_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `tracker_arn` (String)
- `update_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_location_tracker.example "tracker_name"
```
