---
page_title: "awscc_location_geofence_collection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Location::GeofenceCollection Resource Type
---

# awscc_location_geofence_collection (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Location::GeofenceCollection Resource Type

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_location_geofence_collection" "example" {
  collection_name = "example"
  description     = "Example geofence collection"
  pricing_plan    = "RequestBasedUsage"
  tags = [{
    key   = "ModifiedBy"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `collection_name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `pricing_plan` (String)
- `pricing_plan_data_source` (String) This shape is deprecated since 2022-02-01: Deprecated. No longer allowed.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `collection_arn` (String)
- `create_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `update_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_location_geofence_collection.example
  id = "collection_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_location_geofence_collection.example "collection_name"
```