---
page_title: "awscc_location_map Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Location::Map Resource Type
---

# awscc_location_map (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Location::Map Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "awscc_location_map" "example" {
  map_name = "example"

  configuration = {
    style = "VectorHereExplore"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `map_name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `pricing_plan` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `create_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `map_arn` (String)
- `update_time` (String) The datetime value in ISO 8601 format. The timezone is always UTC. (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `style` (String)

Optional:

- `custom_layers` (List of String)
- `political_view` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_location_map.example
  id = "map_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_location_map.example "map_name"
```