---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_lookoutmetrics_alert Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::LookoutMetrics::Alert
---

# awscc_lookoutmetrics_alert (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::LookoutMetrics::Alert



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Attributes) The action to be taken by the alert when an anomaly is detected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action))
- `alert_sensitivity_threshold` (Number) A number between 0 and 100 (inclusive) that tunes the sensitivity of the alert.
- `anomaly_detector_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the Anomaly Detector to alert.

### Optional

- `alert_description` (String) A description for the alert.
- `alert_name` (String) The name of the alert. If not provided, a name is generated automatically.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) ARN assigned to the alert.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Optional:

- `lambda_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration options for a Lambda alert action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action--lambda_configuration))
- `sns_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration options for an SNS alert action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action--sns_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--action--lambda_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.lambda_configuration`

Optional:

- `lambda_arn` (String) ARN of a Lambda to send alert notifications to.
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of an IAM role that LookoutMetrics should assume to access the Lambda function.


<a id="nestedatt--action--sns_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.sns_configuration`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) ARN of an IAM role that LookoutMetrics should assume to access the SNS topic.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) ARN of an SNS topic to send alert notifications to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_lookoutmetrics_alert.example "arn"
```
