---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_m2_environment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a runtime environment that can run migrated mainframe applications.
---

# awscc_m2_environment (Resource)

Represents a runtime environment that can run migrated mainframe applications.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `engine_type` (String) The target platform for the environment.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of instance underlying the environment.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the environment.
- `engine_version` (String) The version of the runtime engine for the environment.
- `high_availability_config` (Attributes) Defines the details of a high availability configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--high_availability_config))
- `kms_key_id` (String) The ID or the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the customer managed KMS Key used for encrypting environment-related resources.
- `preferred_maintenance_window` (String) Configures a desired maintenance window for the environment. If you do not provide a value, a random system-generated value will be assigned.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Specifies whether the environment is publicly accessible.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The list of security groups for the VPC associated with this environment.
- `storage_configurations` (Attributes List) The storage configurations defined for the runtime environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_configurations))
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The unique identifiers of the subnets assigned to this runtime environment.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated to this environment.

### Read-Only

- `environment_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the runtime environment.
- `environment_id` (String) The unique identifier of the environment.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--high_availability_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `high_availability_config`

Required:

- `desired_capacity` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--storage_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_configurations`

Optional:

- `efs` (Attributes) Defines the storage configuration for an Amazon EFS file system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_configurations--efs))
- `fsx` (Attributes) Defines the storage configuration for an Amazon FSx file system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_configurations--fsx))

<a id="nestedatt--storage_configurations--efs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_configurations.efs`

Required:

- `file_system_id` (String) The file system identifier.
- `mount_point` (String) The mount point for the file system.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_configurations--fsx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_configurations.fsx`

Required:

- `file_system_id` (String) The file system identifier.
- `mount_point` (String) The mount point for the file system.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_m2_environment.example "environment_arn"
```
