---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a router network interface in AWS Elemental MediaConnect that is used to define a network boundary for router resources
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface (Resource)

Represents a router network interface in AWS Elemental MediaConnect that is used to define a network boundary for router resources



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `name` (String) The name of the router network interface.

### Optional

- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region for the router network interface. Defaults to the current region if not specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs that can be used to tag and organize this router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `associated_input_count` (Number) The number of router inputs associated with the network interface.
- `associated_output_count` (Number) The number of router outputs associated with the network interface.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the router network interface was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `network_interface_type` (String)
- `router_network_interface_id` (String) The unique identifier of the router network interface.
- `state` (String)
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the router network interface was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `public` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a public router network interface, including the list of allowed CIDR blocks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--public))
- `vpc` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router network interface within a VPC, including the security group IDs and subnet ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--vpc))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.public`

Optional:

- `allow_rules` (Attributes List) The list of allowed CIDR blocks for the public router network interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--public--allow_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--public--allow_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.public.allow_rules`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block that is allowed to access the public router network interface.



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--vpc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.vpc`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the security groups to associate with the router network interface within the VPC.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet within the VPC to associate the router network interface with.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediaconnect_router_network_interface.example "arn"
```
