
---
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::Gateway
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_gateway (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::Gateway

## Example Usage

### MediaConnect Gateway with Network Configuration

Creates a MediaConnect Gateway with specified egress CIDR block and two defined networks with their respective CIDR ranges for managing media content distribution.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create MediaConnect Gateway
resource "awscc_mediaconnect_gateway" "example" {
  name = "example-gateway"
  # Allow traffic from specific CIDR blocks
  egress_cidr_blocks = ["10.0.0.0/16"]

  # Define network configurations
  networks = [
    {
      name       = "network-1"
      cidr_block = "172.16.0.0/24"
    },
    {
      name       = "network-2"
      cidr_block = "172.16.1.0/24"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `egress_cidr_blocks` (List of String) The range of IP addresses that contribute content or initiate output requests for flows communicating with this gateway. These IP addresses should be in the form of a Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block; for example, 10.0.0.0/16.
- `name` (String) The name of the gateway. This name can not be modified after the gateway is created.
- `networks` (Attributes List) The list of networks in the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))

### Read-Only

- `gateway_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the gateway.
- `gateway_state` (String) The current status of the gateway.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `cidr_block` (String) A unique IP address range to use for this network. These IP addresses should be in the form of a Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block; for example, 10.0.0.0/16.
- `name` (String) The name of the network. This name is used to reference the network and must be unique among networks in this gateway.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediaconnect_gateway.example "gateway_arn"
```
