---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_router_output Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a router input in AWS Elemental MediaConnect that can be used to egress content transmitted from router inputs
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_router_output (Resource)

Represents a router input in AWS Elemental MediaConnect that can be used to egress content transmitted from router inputs



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router output. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `maximum_bitrate` (Number) The maximum bitrate for the router output.
- `name` (String) The name of the router output.
- `routing_scope` (String)
- `tier` (String)

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone where you want to create the router output. This must be a valid Availability Zone for the region specified by regionName, or the current region if no regionName is provided.
- `maintenance_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration settings for maintenance operations, including preferred maintenance windows and schedules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_configuration))
- `region_name` (String) The AWS Region for the router output. Defaults to the current region if not specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs that can be used to tag this router output. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the router output was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the router output.
- `maintenance_type` (String)
- `output_type` (String)
- `routed_state` (String)
- `router_output_id` (String) The unique identifier of the router output.
- `state` (String)
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the router output was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `media_connect_flow` (Attributes) Configuration settings for connecting a router output to a MediaConnect flow source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow))
- `media_live_input` (Attributes) Configuration settings for connecting a router output to a MediaLive input. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input))
- `standard` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a standard router output, including the protocol, protocol-specific configuration, network interface, and availability zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_connect_flow`

Optional:

- `destination_transit_encryption` (Attributes) The configuration that defines how content is encrypted during transit between the MediaConnect router and a MediaConnect flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption))
- `flow_arn` (String) The ARN of the flow to connect to this router output.
- `flow_source_arn` (String) The ARN of the flow source to connect to this router output.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_connect_flow.destination_transit_encryption`

Optional:

- `encryption_key_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration settings for flow transit encryption keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration))
- `encryption_key_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_connect_flow.destination_transit_encryption.encryption_key_configuration`

Optional:

- `automatic` (String) Configuration settings for automatic encryption key management, where MediaConnect handles key creation and rotation.
- `secrets_manager` (Attributes) The configuration settings for transit encryption using AWS Secrets Manager, including the secret ARN and role ARN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration--secrets_manager))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_connect_flow--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration--secrets_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_connect_flow.destination_transit_encryption.encryption_key_configuration.secrets_manager`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role assumed by MediaConnect to access the AWS Secrets Manager secret.
- `secret_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Secrets Manager secret used for transit encryption.





<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_live_input`

Optional:

- `destination_transit_encryption` (Attributes) The encryption configuration that defines how content is encrypted during transit between MediaConnect Router and MediaLive. This configuration determines whether encryption keys are automatically managed by the service or manually managed through AWS Secrets Manager. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption))
- `media_live_input_arn` (String) The ARN of the MediaLive input to connect to this router output.
- `media_live_pipeline_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_live_input.destination_transit_encryption`

Optional:

- `encryption_key_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration settings for the MediaLive transit encryption key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration))
- `encryption_key_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_live_input.destination_transit_encryption.encryption_key_configuration`

Optional:

- `automatic` (String) Configuration settings for automatic encryption key management, where MediaConnect handles key creation and rotation.
- `secrets_manager` (Attributes) The configuration settings for transit encryption using AWS Secrets Manager, including the secret ARN and role ARN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration--secrets_manager))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--media_live_input--destination_transit_encryption--encryption_key_configuration--secrets_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.media_live_input.destination_transit_encryption.encryption_key_configuration.secrets_manager`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role assumed by MediaConnect to access the AWS Secrets Manager secret.
- `secret_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Secrets Manager secret used for transit encryption.





<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard`

Optional:

- `network_interface_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the network interface associated with the standard router output.
- `protocol` (String)
- `protocol_configuration` (Attributes) The protocol configuration settings for a router output. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration`

Optional:

- `rist` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router output using the RIST (Reliable Internet Stream Transport) protocol, including the destination address and port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--rist))
- `rtp` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router output using the RTP (Real-Time Transport Protocol) protocol, including the destination address and port, and forward error correction state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--rtp))
- `srt_caller` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router output using the SRT (Secure Reliable Transport) protocol in caller mode, including the destination address and port, minimum latency, stream ID, and encryption key configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller))
- `srt_listener` (Attributes) The configuration settings for a router output using the SRT (Secure Reliable Transport) protocol in listener mode, including the port, minimum latency, and encryption key configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--rist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.rist`

Optional:

- `destination_address` (String) The destination IP address for the RIST protocol in the router output configuration.
- `destination_port` (Number) The destination port number for the RIST protocol in the router output configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--rtp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.rtp`

Optional:

- `destination_address` (String) The destination IP address for the RTP protocol in the router output configuration.
- `destination_port` (Number) The destination port number for the RTP protocol in the router output configuration.
- `forward_error_correction` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_caller`

Optional:

- `destination_address` (String) The destination IP address for the SRT protocol in caller mode.
- `destination_port` (Number) The destination port number for the SRT protocol in caller mode.
- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) Contains the configuration settings for encrypting SRT streams, including the encryption key details and encryption parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller--encryption_configuration))
- `minimum_latency_milliseconds` (Number) The minimum latency in milliseconds for the SRT protocol in caller mode.
- `stream_id` (String) The stream ID for the SRT protocol in caller mode.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_caller.encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `encryption_key` (Attributes) The configuration settings for transit encryption using AWS Secrets Manager, including the secret ARN and role ARN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller--encryption_configuration--encryption_key))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_caller--encryption_configuration--encryption_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_caller.encryption_configuration.encryption_key`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role assumed by MediaConnect to access the AWS Secrets Manager secret.
- `secret_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Secrets Manager secret used for transit encryption.




<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_listener`

Optional:

- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) Contains the configuration settings for encrypting SRT streams, including the encryption key details and encryption parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener--encryption_configuration))
- `minimum_latency_milliseconds` (Number) The minimum latency in milliseconds for the SRT protocol in listener mode.
- `port` (Number) The port number for the SRT protocol in listener mode.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_listener.encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `encryption_key` (Attributes) The configuration settings for transit encryption using AWS Secrets Manager, including the secret ARN and role ARN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener--encryption_configuration--encryption_key))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--standard--protocol_configuration--srt_listener--encryption_configuration--encryption_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.standard.protocol_configuration.srt_listener.encryption_configuration.encryption_key`

Optional:

- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role assumed by MediaConnect to access the AWS Secrets Manager secret.
- `secret_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS Secrets Manager secret used for transit encryption.







<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_configuration`

Optional:

- `default` (String) Configuration settings for default maintenance scheduling.
- `preferred_day_time` (Attributes) Configuration for preferred day and time maintenance settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_configuration--preferred_day_time))

<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_configuration--preferred_day_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_configuration.preferred_day_time`

Optional:

- `day` (String)
- `time` (String) The preferred time for maintenance operations.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediaconnect_router_output.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediaconnect_router_output.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediaconnect_router_output.example "arn"
```
