
---
page_title: "awscc_medialive_multiplex Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::MediaLive::Multiplex
---

# awscc_medialive_multiplex (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::MediaLive::Multiplex

## Example Usage

### MediaLive Multiplex with MediaConnect Output

Creates an AWS MediaLive Multiplex with dual availability zone configuration and MediaConnect output destination, configured with specific transport stream settings for video content delivery.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Create the MediaLive Multiplex
resource "awscc_medialive_multiplex" "example" {
  name               = "example-multiplex"
  availability_zones = ["${data.aws_region.current.name}a", "${data.aws_region.current.name}b"]

  multiplex_settings = {
    transport_stream_bitrate                = 1000000
    transport_stream_id                     = 1
    maximum_video_buffer_delay_milliseconds = 1000
  }

  destinations = [{
    # Using media connect output destination
    multiplex_media_connect_output_destination_settings = {
      entitlement_arn = "arn:aws:mediaconnect:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:entitlement:1234-5678-90ab-cdef"
    }
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_zones` (List of String) A list of availability zones for the multiplex.
- `multiplex_settings` (Attributes) Configuration for a multiplex event. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multiplex_settings))
- `name` (String) Name of multiplex.

### Optional

- `destinations` (Attributes List) A list of the multiplex output destinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destinations))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of key-value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The unique arn of the multiplex.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `multiplex_id` (String) The unique id of the multiplex.
- `pipelines_running_count` (Number) The number of currently healthy pipelines.
- `program_count` (Number) The number of programs in the multiplex.
- `state` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--multiplex_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multiplex_settings`

Required:

- `transport_stream_bitrate` (Number) Transport stream bit rate.
- `transport_stream_id` (Number) Transport stream ID.

Optional:

- `maximum_video_buffer_delay_milliseconds` (Number) Maximum video buffer delay in milliseconds.
- `transport_stream_reserved_bitrate` (Number) Transport stream reserved bit rate.


<a id="nestedatt--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destinations`

Optional:

- `multiplex_media_connect_output_destination_settings` (Attributes) Multiplex MediaConnect output destination settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destinations--multiplex_media_connect_output_destination_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--destinations--multiplex_media_connect_output_destination_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destinations.multiplex_media_connect_output_destination_settings`

Optional:

- `entitlement_arn` (String) The MediaConnect entitlement ARN available as a Flow source.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_medialive_multiplex.example "id"
```
