---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediatailor_channel Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::MediaTailor::Channel Resource Type
---

# awscc_mediatailor_channel (Resource)

Definition of AWS::MediaTailor::Channel Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel_name` (String)
- `outputs` (Attributes List) <p>The channel's output properties.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs))
- `playback_mode` (String)

### Optional

- `audiences` (List of String) <p>The list of audiences defined in channel.</p>
- `filler_slate` (Attributes) <p>Slate VOD source configuration.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filler_slate))
- `log_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The log configuration for the channel.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags to assign to the channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tier` (String)
- `time_shift_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for time-shifted viewing.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time_shift_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The ARN of the channel.</p>
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs`

Required:

- `manifest_name` (String) <p>The name of the manifest for the channel. The name appears in the <code>PlaybackUrl</code>.</p>
- `source_group` (String) <p>A string used to match which <code>HttpPackageConfiguration</code> is used for each <code>VodSource</code>.</p>

Optional:

- `dash_playlist_settings` (Attributes) <p>Dash manifest configuration parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs--dash_playlist_settings))
- `hls_playlist_settings` (Attributes) <p>HLS playlist configuration parameters.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs--hls_playlist_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--outputs--dash_playlist_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs.dash_playlist_settings`

Optional:

- `manifest_window_seconds` (Number) <p>The total duration (in seconds) of each manifest. Minimum value: <code>30</code> seconds. Maximum value: <code>3600</code> seconds.</p>
- `min_buffer_time_seconds` (Number) <p>Minimum amount of content (measured in seconds) that a player must keep available in the buffer. Minimum value: <code>2</code> seconds. Maximum value: <code>60</code> seconds.</p>
- `min_update_period_seconds` (Number) <p>Minimum amount of time (in seconds) that the player should wait before requesting updates to the manifest. Minimum value: <code>2</code> seconds. Maximum value: <code>60</code> seconds.</p>
- `suggested_presentation_delay_seconds` (Number) <p>Amount of time (in seconds) that the player should be from the live point at the end of the manifest. Minimum value: <code>2</code> seconds. Maximum value: <code>60</code> seconds.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--outputs--hls_playlist_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs.hls_playlist_settings`

Optional:

- `ad_markup_type` (List of String) <p>Determines the type of SCTE 35 tags to use in ad markup. Specify <code>DATERANGE</code> to use <code>DATERANGE</code> tags (for live or VOD content). Specify <code>SCTE35_ENHANCED</code> to use <code>EXT-X-CUE-OUT</code> and <code>EXT-X-CUE-IN</code> tags (for VOD content only).</p>
- `manifest_window_seconds` (Number) <p>The total duration (in seconds) of each manifest. Minimum value: <code>30</code> seconds. Maximum value: <code>3600</code> seconds.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--filler_slate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filler_slate`

Optional:

- `source_location_name` (String) <p>The name of the source location where the slate VOD source is stored.</p>
- `vod_source_name` (String) <p>The slate VOD source name. The VOD source must already exist in a source location before it can be used for slate.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--log_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_configuration`

Optional:

- `log_types` (List of String) <p>The log types.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--time_shift_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time_shift_configuration`

Optional:

- `max_time_delay_seconds` (Number) <p>The maximum time delay for time-shifted viewing. The minimum allowed maximum time delay is 0 seconds, and the maximum allowed maximum time delay is 21600 seconds (6 hours).</p>

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediatailor_channel.example
  id = "channel_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediatailor_channel.example "channel_name"
```
