---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_medialive_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::MediaLive::Cluster Resource Type
---

# awscc_medialive_cluster (Resource)

Definition of AWS::MediaLive::Cluster Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cluster_type` (String) The hardware type for the cluster.
- `instance_role_arn` (String) The IAM role your nodes will use.
- `name` (String) The user-specified name of the Cluster to be created.
- `network_settings` (Attributes) On premises settings which will have the interface network mappings and default Output logical interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_settings))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of key-value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Cluster.
- `channel_ids` (List of String) The MediaLive Channels that are currently running on Nodes in this Cluster.
- `cluster_id` (String) The unique ID of the Cluster.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) The current state of the Cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--network_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_settings`

Optional:

- `default_route` (String) Default value if the customer does not define it in channel Output API
- `interface_mappings` (Attributes List) Network mappings for the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_settings--interface_mappings))

<a id="nestedatt--network_settings--interface_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_settings.interface_mappings`

Optional:

- `logical_interface_name` (String) logical interface name, unique in the list
- `network_id` (String) Network Id to be associated with the logical interface name, can be duplicated in list



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_medialive_cluster.example "id"
```
