
---
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::BridgeSource
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::BridgeSource

## Example Usage

### Configure MediaConnect Bridge Source with Network Settings

Creates a MediaConnect Bridge Source with RTP protocol configuration, specifying network settings including multicast IP, port, and network name for media streaming.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current AWS region
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Get current AWS account ID
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Create the Bridge Source
resource "awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source" "example" {
  bridge_arn = "arn:aws:mediaconnect:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:bridge:example-bridge"
  name       = "example-source"

  network_source = {
    multicast_ip = "239.0.0.1"
    network_name = "example-network"
    port         = 5000
    protocol     = "rtp"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bridge_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the bridge.
- `name` (String) The name of the source.

### Optional

- `flow_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A flow source originates in MediaConnect as an existing cloud flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flow_source))
- `network_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A network source originates at your premises. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_source))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--flow_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flow_source`

Optional:

- `flow_arn` (String) The ARN of the cloud flow used as a source of this bridge.
- `flow_vpc_interface_attachment` (Attributes) The name of the VPC interface attachment to use for this source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment))

<a id="nestedatt--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flow_source.flow_vpc_interface_attachment`

Optional:

- `vpc_interface_name` (String) The name of the VPC interface to use for this resource.



<a id="nestedatt--network_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_source`

Optional:

- `multicast_ip` (String) The network source multicast IP.
- `multicast_source_settings` (Attributes) The settings related to the multicast source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_source--multicast_source_settings))
- `network_name` (String) The network source's gateway network name.
- `port` (Number) The network source port.
- `protocol` (String) The network source protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--network_source--multicast_source_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_source.multicast_source_settings`

Optional:

- `multicast_source_ip` (String) The IP address of the source for source-specific multicast (SSM).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source.example
  id = "bridge_arn|name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediaconnect_bridge_source.example "bridge_arn|name"
```
