---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_medialive_node Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::MediaLive::Node Resource Type
---

# awscc_medialive_node (Resource)

Definition of AWS::MediaLive::Node Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Cluster that the Node belongs to.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The user-specified name of the Node.
- `node_interface_mappings` (Attributes List) An array of interface mappings for the Node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_interface_mappings))
- `role` (String) The role of the Node in the Cluster. ACTIVE means the Node is available for encoding. BACKUP means the Node is a redundant Node and might get used if an ACTIVE Node fails.
- `sdi_source_mappings` (Attributes List) An array of SDI source mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sdi_source_mappings))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of key-value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Node. It is automatically assigned when the Node is created.
- `channel_placement_groups` (List of String) An array of IDs. Each ID is one ChannelPlacementGroup that is associated with this Node.
- `connection_state` (String) The current connection state of the Node.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the EC2 instance hosting the Node.
- `node_id` (String) The unique ID of the Node. Unique in the Cluster. The ID is the resource-id portion of the ARN.
- `state` (String) The current state of the Node.

<a id="nestedatt--node_interface_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_interface_mappings`

Optional:

- `logical_interface_name` (String) The logical name for this interface.
- `network_interface_mode` (String) The network interface mode.
- `physical_interface_name` (String) The physical interface name.


<a id="nestedatt--sdi_source_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sdi_source_mappings`

Optional:

- `card_number` (Number) The card number.
- `channel_number` (Number) The channel number.
- `sdi_source` (String) The SDI source.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_medialive_node.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Node

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_medialive_node.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_medialive_node.example "arn"
```
