
---
page_title: "awscc_mediapackage_packaging_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::MediaPackage::PackagingGroup
---

# awscc_mediapackage_packaging_group (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::MediaPackage::PackagingGroup

## Example Usage

### Create MediaPackage Packaging Group

Creates an AWS MediaPackage packaging group with specified ID and environment tags for managing video content packaging configurations.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create the MediaPackage Packaging Group
resource "awscc_mediapackage_packaging_group" "example" {
  packaging_group_id = "example-packaging-group"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "Production"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `packaging_group_id` (String) The ID of the PackagingGroup.

### Optional

- `authorization` (Attributes) CDN Authorization (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization))
- `egress_access_logs` (Attributes) The configuration parameters for egress access logging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_access_logs))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the PackagingGroup.
- `domain_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name for Assets in the PackagingGroup.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Optional:

- `cdn_identifier_secret` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the secret in AWS Secrets Manager that is used for CDN authorization.
- `secrets_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the IAM role that allows MediaPackage to communicate with AWS Secrets Manager.


<a id="nestedatt--egress_access_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_access_logs`

Optional:

- `log_group_name` (String) Sets a custom AWS CloudWatch log group name for egress logs. If a log group name isn't specified, the default name is used: /aws/MediaPackage/VodEgressAccessLogs.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediapackage_packaging_group.example "id"
```
