---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_mediaconnect_bridge Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::Bridge
---

# awscc_mediaconnect_bridge (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::MediaConnect::Bridge



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the bridge.
- `placement_arn` (String) The placement Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the bridge.
- `sources` (Attributes List) The sources on this bridge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources))

### Optional

- `egress_gateway_bridge` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_gateway_bridge))
- `ingress_gateway_bridge` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress_gateway_bridge))
- `outputs` (Attributes List) The outputs on this bridge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs))
- `source_failover_config` (Attributes) The settings for source failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_failover_config))

### Read-Only

- `bridge_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Number (ARN) of the bridge.
- `bridge_state` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Optional:

- `flow_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A flow source originates in MediaConnect as an existing cloud flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--flow_source))
- `network_source` (Attributes) The source of the bridge. A network source originates at your premises. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--network_source))

<a id="nestedatt--sources--flow_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.flow_source`

Optional:

- `flow_arn` (String) The ARN of the cloud flow used as a source of this bridge.
- `flow_vpc_interface_attachment` (Attributes) The name of the VPC interface attachment to use for this source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment))
- `name` (String) The name of the flow source.

<a id="nestedatt--sources--flow_source--flow_vpc_interface_attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.flow_source.flow_vpc_interface_attachment`

Optional:

- `vpc_interface_name` (String) The name of the VPC interface to use for this resource.



<a id="nestedatt--sources--network_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.network_source`

Optional:

- `multicast_ip` (String) The network source multicast IP.
- `multicast_source_settings` (Attributes) The settings related to the multicast source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--network_source--multicast_source_settings))
- `name` (String) The name of the network source.
- `network_name` (String) The network source's gateway network name.
- `port` (Number) The network source port.
- `protocol` (String) The network source protocol.

<a id="nestedatt--sources--network_source--multicast_source_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.network_source.multicast_source_settings`

Optional:

- `multicast_source_ip` (String) The IP address of the source for source-specific multicast (SSM).




<a id="nestedatt--egress_gateway_bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_gateway_bridge`

Optional:

- `max_bitrate` (Number) The maximum expected bitrate of the egress bridge.


<a id="nestedatt--ingress_gateway_bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress_gateway_bridge`

Optional:

- `max_bitrate` (Number) The maximum expected bitrate of the ingress bridge.
- `max_outputs` (Number) The maximum number of outputs on the ingress bridge.


<a id="nestedatt--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs`

Optional:

- `network_output` (Attributes) The output of the bridge. A network output is delivered to your premises. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outputs--network_output))

<a id="nestedatt--outputs--network_output"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outputs.network_output`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) The network output IP Address.
- `name` (String) The network output name.
- `network_name` (String) The network output's gateway network name.
- `port` (Number) The network output port.
- `protocol` (String) The network output protocol.
- `ttl` (Number) The network output TTL.



<a id="nestedatt--source_failover_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_failover_config`

Optional:

- `failover_mode` (String) The type of failover you choose for this flow. FAILOVER allows switching between different streams.
- `source_priority` (Attributes) The priority you want to assign to a source. You can have a primary stream and a backup stream or two equally prioritized streams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_failover_config--source_priority))
- `state` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--source_failover_config--source_priority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_failover_config.source_priority`

Optional:

- `primary_source` (String) The name of the source you choose as the primary source for this flow.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediaconnect_bridge.example "bridge_arn"
```
