---
page_title: "awscc_mediapackagev2_channel Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# awscc_mediapackagev2_channel (Resource)

<p>Represents an entry point into AWS Elemental MediaPackage for an ABR video content stream sent from an upstream encoder such as AWS Elemental MediaLive. The channel continuously analyzes the content that it receives and prepares it to be distributed to consumers via one or more origin endpoints.</p>

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_mediapackagev2_channel" "example" {
  channel_group_name = awscc_mediapackagev2_channel_group.example.channel_group_name
  channel_name       = "example"
  description        = "example"
  input_type         = "HLS"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_mediapackagev2_channel_group" "example" {
  channel_group_name = "example"
  description        = "example"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel_group_name` (String)
- `channel_name` (String)

### Optional

- `description` (String) <p>Enter any descriptive text that helps you to identify the channel.</p>
- `input_switch_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for input switching based on the media quality confidence score (MQCS) as provided from AWS Elemental MediaLive.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_switch_configuration))
- `input_type` (String)
- `output_header_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The settings for what common media server data (CMSD) headers AWS Elemental MediaPackage includes in responses to the CDN.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_header_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the resource.</p>
- `created_at` (String) <p>The date and time the channel was created.</p>
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ingest_endpoint_urls` (List of String)
- `ingest_endpoints` (Attributes List) <p>The list of ingest endpoints.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingest_endpoints))
- `modified_at` (String) <p>The date and time the channel was modified.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--input_switch_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_switch_configuration`

Optional:

- `mqcs_input_switching` (Boolean) <p>When true, AWS Elemental MediaPackage performs input switching based on the MQCS. Default is true. This setting is valid only when <code>InputType</code> is <code>CMAF</code>.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--output_header_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_header_configuration`

Optional:

- `publish_mqcs` (Boolean) <p>When true, AWS Elemental MediaPackage includes the MQCS in responses to the CDN. This setting is valid only when <code>InputType</code> is <code>CMAF</code>.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ingest_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingest_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) <p>The system-generated unique identifier for the IngestEndpoint.</p>
- `url` (String) <p>The ingest domain URL where the source stream should be sent.</p>

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_mediapackagev2_channel.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_mediapackagev2_channel.example "arn"
```