
---
page_title: "awscc_memorydb_acl Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::MemoryDB::ACL
---

# awscc_memorydb_acl (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::MemoryDB::ACL

## Example Usage

### MemoryDB Access Control List Configuration

To create a MemoryDB ACL with an associated user, the example demonstrates setting up an ACL named 'example-acl' that includes a user with full access permissions to all commands.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a MemoryDB user
resource "awscc_memorydb_user" "example" {
  user_name     = "example-user"
  access_string = "on ~* +@all"
  authentication_mode = {
    type      = "password"
    passwords = ["MySecurePassword123!!@@"]
  }
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create a MemoryDB ACL
resource "awscc_memorydb_acl" "example" {
  acl_name = "example-acl"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Test"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
  }]
  user_names = [awscc_memorydb_user.example.user_name]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acl_name` (String) The name of the acl.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_names` (List of String) List of users associated to this acl.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the acl.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Indicates acl status. Can be "creating", "active", "modifying", "deleting".

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with 'aws:'. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_memorydb_acl.example "acl_name"
```
