---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_memorydb_multi_region_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::MemoryDB::Multi Region Cluster resource creates an Amazon MemoryDB Multi Region Cluster.
---

# awscc_memorydb_multi_region_cluster (Resource)

The AWS::MemoryDB::Multi Region Cluster resource creates an Amazon MemoryDB Multi Region Cluster.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `node_type` (String) The compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the multi region cluster.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the multi region cluster.
- `engine` (String) The engine type used by the multi region cluster.
- `engine_version` (String) The Redis engine version used by the multi region cluster.
- `multi_region_cluster_name_suffix` (String) The name of the Multi Region cluster. This value must be unique as it also serves as the multi region cluster identifier.
- `multi_region_parameter_group_name` (String) The name of the parameter group associated with the multi region cluster.
- `num_shards` (Number) The number of shards the multi region cluster will contain.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this multi region cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tls_enabled` (Boolean) A flag that enables in-transit encryption when set to true.

You cannot modify the value of TransitEncryptionEnabled after the cluster is created. To enable in-transit encryption on a cluster you must set TransitEncryptionEnabled to true when you create a cluster.
- `update_strategy` (String) An enum string value that determines the update strategy for scaling. Possible values are 'COORDINATED' and 'UNCOORDINATED'. Default is 'COORDINATED'.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the multi region cluster.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `multi_region_cluster_name` (String) The name of the Global Datastore, it is generated by MemoryDB adding a prefix to MultiRegionClusterNameSuffix.
- `status` (String) The status of the multi region cluster. For example, Available, Updating, Creating.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key for the tag. May not be null.
- `value` (String) The tag's value. May be null.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_memorydb_multi_region_cluster.example
  id = "multi_region_cluster_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_memorydb_multi_region_cluster.example "multi_region_cluster_name"
```
