---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_msk_replicator Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::MSK::Replicator
---

# awscc_msk_replicator (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::MSK::Replicator



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kafka_clusters` (Attributes Set) Specifies a list of Kafka clusters which are targets of the replicator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters))
- `replication_info_list` (Attributes Set) A list of replication configurations, where each configuration targets a given source cluster to target cluster replication flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_info_list))
- `replicator_name` (String) The name of the replicator.
- `service_execution_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used by the replicator to access external resources.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A summary description of the replicator.
- `log_delivery` (Attributes) Configuration for log delivery for the replicator. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `current_version` (String) The current version of the MSK replicator.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `replicator_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name for the created replicator.

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters`

Optional:

- `amazon_msk_cluster` (Attributes) Details of an Amazon MSK cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--amazon_msk_cluster))
- `apache_kafka_cluster` (Attributes) Details of an Apache Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--apache_kafka_cluster))
- `client_authentication` (Attributes) Details of the client authentication used by the Apache Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--client_authentication))
- `encryption_in_transit` (Attributes) Details of encryption in transit to the Apache Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--encryption_in_transit))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) Details of an Amazon VPC which has network connectivity to the Apache Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--amazon_msk_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.amazon_msk_cluster`

Optional:

- `msk_cluster_arn` (String) The ARN of an Amazon MSK cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--apache_kafka_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.apache_kafka_cluster`

Optional:

- `apache_kafka_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Apache Kafka cluster.
- `bootstrap_broker_string` (String) The bootstrap broker string of the Apache Kafka cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--client_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.client_authentication`

Optional:

- `sasl_scram` (Attributes) Details for SASL/SCRAM client authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kafka_clusters--client_authentication--sasl_scram))

<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--client_authentication--sasl_scram"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.client_authentication.sasl_scram`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String) The SASL/SCRAM authentication mechanism.
- `secret_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Secrets Manager secret.



<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--encryption_in_transit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.encryption_in_transit`

Optional:

- `encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption in transit to the Apache Kafka cluster.
- `root_ca_certificate` (String) The root CA certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--kafka_clusters--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kafka_clusters.vpc_config`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (Set of String) The AWS security groups to associate with the elastic network interfaces in order to specify what the replicator has access to. If a security group is not specified, the default security group associated with the VPC is used.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) The list of subnets to connect to in the virtual private cloud (VPC). AWS creates elastic network interfaces inside these subnets.



<a id="nestedatt--replication_info_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_info_list`

Required:

- `consumer_group_replication` (Attributes) Configuration relating to consumer group replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_info_list--consumer_group_replication))
- `target_compression_type` (String) The type of compression to use writing records to target Kafka cluster.
- `topic_replication` (Attributes) Configuration relating to topic replication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication))

Optional:

- `source_kafka_cluster_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of the source Kafka cluster.
- `source_kafka_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the source Kafka cluster.
- `target_kafka_cluster_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of the target Kafka cluster.
- `target_kafka_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the target Kafka cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--replication_info_list--consumer_group_replication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_info_list.consumer_group_replication`

Required:

- `consumer_groups_to_replicate` (Set of String) List of regular expression patterns indicating the consumer groups to copy.

Optional:

- `consumer_group_offset_sync_mode` (String) The consumer group offset synchronization mode.
- `consumer_groups_to_exclude` (Set of String) List of regular expression patterns indicating the consumer groups that should not be replicated.
- `detect_and_copy_new_consumer_groups` (Boolean) Whether to periodically check for new consumer groups.
- `synchronise_consumer_group_offsets` (Boolean) Whether to periodically write the translated offsets to __consumer_offsets topic in target cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_info_list.topic_replication`

Required:

- `topics_to_replicate` (Set of String) List of regular expression patterns indicating the topics to copy.

Optional:

- `copy_access_control_lists_for_topics` (Boolean) Whether to periodically configure remote topic ACLs to match their corresponding upstream topics.
- `copy_topic_configurations` (Boolean) Whether to periodically configure remote topics to match their corresponding upstream topics.
- `detect_and_copy_new_topics` (Boolean) Whether to periodically check for new topics and partitions.
- `starting_position` (Attributes) Configuration for specifying the position in the topics to start replicating from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication--starting_position))
- `topic_name_configuration` (Attributes) Configuration for specifying replicated topic names should be the same as their corresponding upstream topics or prefixed with source cluster alias. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication--topic_name_configuration))
- `topics_to_exclude` (Set of String) List of regular expression patterns indicating the topics that should not be replicated.

<a id="nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication--starting_position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_info_list.topic_replication.starting_position`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of replication starting position.


<a id="nestedatt--replication_info_list--topic_replication--topic_name_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_info_list.topic_replication.topic_name_configuration`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of replicated topic name.




<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery`

Optional:

- `replicator_log_delivery` (Attributes) The replicator logs configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.replicator_log_delivery`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs` (Attributes) Details of the CloudWatch Logs destination for replicator logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--cloudwatch_logs))
- `firehose` (Attributes) Details of the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that is the destination for replicator logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--firehose))
- `s3` (Attributes) Details of the Amazon S3 destination for replicator logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--s3))

<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--cloudwatch_logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.replicator_log_delivery.cloudwatch_logs`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether log delivery to CloudWatch Logs is enabled.
- `log_group` (String) The CloudWatch log group that is the destination for log delivery.


<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--firehose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.replicator_log_delivery.firehose`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream` (String) The Firehose delivery stream that is the destination for log delivery.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether log delivery to Firehose is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--log_delivery--replicator_log_delivery--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_delivery.replicator_log_delivery.s3`

Optional:

- `bucket` (String) The S3 bucket that is the destination for log delivery.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether log delivery to S3 is enabled.
- `prefix` (String) The S3 prefix that is the destination for log delivery.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_msk_replicator.example
  identity = {
    replicator_arn = "replicator_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `replicator_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name for the created replicator

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_msk_replicator.example
  id = "replicator_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_msk_replicator.example "replicator_arn"
```
