
---
page_title: "awscc_neptune_db_cluster_parameter_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::Neptune::DBClusterParameterGroup resource creates a new Amazon Neptune DB cluster parameter group
---

# awscc_neptune_db_cluster_parameter_group (Resource)

The AWS::Neptune::DBClusterParameterGroup resource creates a new Amazon Neptune DB cluster parameter group

## Example Usage

### Configure Neptune DB Cluster Parameters

Creates a Neptune DB cluster parameter group with custom configuration settings, enabling audit logging and setting query timeout parameters for Neptune 1.2 family databases.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example Neptune DB Cluster Parameter Group
resource "awscc_neptune_db_cluster_parameter_group" "example" {
  name        = "example-neptune-cluster-pg"
  family      = "neptune1.2"
  description = "Example Neptune cluster parameter group"

  # Example parameters in JSON format
  parameters = jsonencode({
    "neptune_enable_audit_log" = "1"
    "neptune_query_timeout"    = "120000"
  })

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Provides the customer-specified description for this DB cluster parameter group.
- `family` (String) Must be neptune1 for engine versions prior to 1.2.0.0, or neptune1.2 for engine version 1.2.0.0 and higher.
- `parameters` (String) An array of parameters to be modified. A maximum of 20 parameters can be modified in a single request.

### Optional

- `name` (String) Provides the name of the DB cluster parameter group.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The list of tags for the cluster parameter group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_neptune_db_cluster_parameter_group.example "name"
```
