---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_neptune_global_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Neptune::GlobalCluster
---

# awscc_neptune_global_cluster (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Neptune::GlobalCluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The name of the database engine.
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the database engine.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global database cluster.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an existing Neptune DB cluster to use as the primary cluster of the new global database.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Whether the global database cluster is storage encrypted.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_neptune_global_cluster.example
  identity = {
    global_cluster_identifier = "global_cluster_identifier"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the global database cluster

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_neptune_global_cluster.example
  id = "global_cluster_identifier"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_neptune_global_cluster.example "global_cluster_identifier"
```
