---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_neptunegraph_graph_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::NeptuneGraph::GraphSnapshot
---

# awscc_neptunegraph_graph_snapshot (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::NeptuneGraph::GraphSnapshot



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `snapshot_name` (String) The snapshot name.

### Optional

- `graph_identifier` (String) The unique identifier of the Neptune Analytics graph to create the snapshot from.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the graph snapshot.
- `graph_snapshot_id` (String) The unique identifier of the graph snapshot.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `kms_key_identifier` (String) The ID of the KMS key used to encrypt and decrypt the snapshot.
- `snapshot_create_time` (String) The time when the snapshot was created.
- `status` (String) The current status of the graph snapshot.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_neptunegraph_graph_snapshot.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the graph snapshot

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_neptunegraph_graph_snapshot.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_neptunegraph_graph_snapshot.example "arn"
```
