
---
page_title: "awscc_neptunegraph_graph Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::NeptuneGraph::Graph resource creates an Amazon NeptuneGraph Graph.
---

# awscc_neptunegraph_graph (Resource)

The AWS::NeptuneGraph::Graph resource creates an Amazon NeptuneGraph Graph.

## Example Usage

### Neptune Graph with Vector Search

Creates a Neptune Graph with 16GB provisioned memory, vector search capability with 128 dimensions, and a single replica for development purposes.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create Neptune Graph
resource "awscc_neptunegraph_graph" "example" {
  graph_name           = "example-graph-test-20250102"
  provisioned_memory   = 16
  deletion_protection  = false
  public_connectivity = false
  replica_count       = 1

  vector_search_configuration = {
    vector_search_dimension = 128
  }

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "Development"
    },
    {
      key   = "ModifiedBy"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `provisioned_memory` (Number) Memory for the Graph.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Value that indicates whether the Graph has deletion protection enabled. The graph can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.

_Default_: If not specified, the default value is true.
- `graph_name` (String) Contains a user-supplied name for the Graph. 

If you don't specify a name, we generate a unique Graph Name using a combination of Stack Name and a UUID comprising of 4 characters.

_Important_: If you specify a name, you cannot perform updates that require replacement of this resource. You can perform updates that require no or some interruption. If you must replace the resource, specify a new name.
- `public_connectivity` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Graph can be reached over the internet. Access to all graphs requires IAM authentication.

When the Graph is publicly reachable, its Domain Name System (DNS) endpoint resolves to the public IP address from the internet.

When the Graph isn't publicly reachable, you need to create a PrivateGraphEndpoint in a given VPC to ensure the DNS name resolves to a private IP address that is reachable from the VPC.

_Default_: If not specified, the default value is false.
- `replica_count` (Number) Specifies the number of replicas you want when finished. All replicas will be provisioned in different availability zones.

Replica Count should always be less than or equal to 2.

_Default_: If not specified, the default value is 1.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags associated with this graph. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vector_search_configuration` (Attributes) Vector Search Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vector_search_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `endpoint` (String) The connection endpoint for the graph. For example: `g-12a3bcdef4.us-east-1.neptune-graph.amazonaws.com`
- `graph_arn` (String) Graph resource ARN
- `graph_id` (String) The auto-generated id assigned by the service.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--vector_search_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vector_search_configuration`

Optional:

- `vector_search_dimension` (Number) The vector search dimension

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_neptunegraph_graph.example "graph_id"
```
