---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_transit_gateway_route_table_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS::NetworkManager::TransitGatewayRouteTableAttachment Resource Type definition.
---

# awscc_networkmanager_transit_gateway_route_table_attachment (Resource)

AWS::NetworkManager::TransitGatewayRouteTableAttachment Resource Type definition.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `peering_id` (String) The Id of peering between transit gateway and core network.
- `transit_gateway_route_table_arn` (String) The Arn of transit gateway route table.

### Optional

- `network_function_group_name` (String) The name of the network function group attachment.
- `proposed_network_function_group_change` (Attributes) The attachment to move from one network function group to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change))
- `proposed_segment_change` (Attributes) The attachment to move from one segment to another. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `attachment_id` (String) The ID of the attachment.
- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The policy rule number associated with the attachment.
- `attachment_type` (String) The type of attachment.
- `core_network_arn` (String) The ARN of a core network for the VPC attachment.
- `core_network_id` (String) The ID of a core network where you're creating a site-to-site VPN attachment.
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of the attachment.
- `edge_location` (String) The Region where the edge is located.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner_account_id` (String) Owner account of the attachment.
- `resource_arn` (String) The ARN of the Resource.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment that attachment is in.
- `state` (String) The state of the attachment.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update time of the attachment.

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_network_function_group_change`

Optional:

- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The rule number in the policy document that applies to this change.
- `network_function_group_name` (String) The name of the network function group to change.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The key-value tags that changed for the network function group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_network_function_group_change--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_network_function_group_change.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.



<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change`

Optional:

- `attachment_policy_rule_number` (Number) The rule number in the policy document that applies to this change.
- `segment_name` (String) The name of the segment to change.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The key-value tags that changed for the segment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--proposed_segment_change--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proposed_segment_change.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_networkmanager_transit_gateway_route_table_attachment.example "attachment_id"
```
