
---
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_link Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::NetworkManager::Link type describes a link.
---

# awscc_networkmanager_link (Resource)

The AWS::NetworkManager::Link type describes a link.

## Example Usage

### Create Network Manager Link with Broadband Connection

This example demonstrates how to create a Network Manager Link with 100Mbps symmetrical broadband connection, associated with a global network and site configuration.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Global Network
resource "awscc_networkmanager_global_network" "example" {
  description = "Example Global Network for Link"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Site
resource "awscc_networkmanager_site" "example" {
  global_network_id = awscc_networkmanager_global_network.example.id
  description       = "Example Site for Link"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Link
resource "awscc_networkmanager_link" "example" {
  global_network_id = awscc_networkmanager_global_network.example.id
  site_id           = awscc_networkmanager_site.example.site_id
  description       = "Example Network Link"
  type              = "Broadband"
  provider_name     = "Example ISP"

  bandwidth = {
    download_speed = 100
    upload_speed   = 100
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (Attributes) The Bandwidth for the link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bandwidth))
- `global_network_id` (String) The ID of the global network.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the link.
- `provider_name` (String) The provider of the link.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `type` (String) The type of the link.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the device was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `link_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the link.
- `link_id` (String) The ID of the link.
- `state` (String) The state of the link.

<a id="nestedatt--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth`

Optional:

- `download_speed` (Number) Download speed in Mbps.
- `upload_speed` (Number) Upload speed in Mbps.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_networkmanager_link.example "global_network_id|link_id"
```
