---
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_global_network Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::NetworkManager::GlobalNetwork type specifies a global network of the user's account
---

# awscc_networkmanager_global_network (Resource)

The AWS::NetworkManager::GlobalNetwork type specifies a global network of the user's account

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "awscc_networkmanager_global_network" "example" {
  description = "example"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the global network was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the global network.
- `state` (String) The state of the global network.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) The tags for the global network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the global network.
- `global_network_id` (String) The ID of the global network.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_networkmanager_global_network.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_networkmanager_global_network.example "id"
```