---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_networkmanager_connect_peer Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS::NetworkManager::ConnectPeer Resource Type Definition.
---

# awscc_networkmanager_connect_peer (Resource)

AWS::NetworkManager::ConnectPeer Resource Type Definition.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connect_attachment_id` (String) The ID of the attachment to connect.
- `peer_address` (String) The IP address of the Connect peer.

### Optional

- `bgp_options` (Attributes) Bgp options for connect peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_options))
- `core_network_address` (String) The IP address of a core network.
- `inside_cidr_blocks` (List of String) The inside IP addresses used for a Connect peer configuration.
- `subnet_arn` (String) The subnet ARN for the connect peer.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) Configuration of the connect peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `connect_peer_id` (String) The ID of the Connect peer.
- `core_network_id` (String) The ID of the core network.
- `created_at` (String) Connect peer creation time.
- `edge_location` (String) The Connect peer Regions where edges are located.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) State of the connect peer.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_options`

Optional:

- `peer_asn` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_configurations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--bgp_configurations))
- `core_network_address` (String) The IP address of a core network.
- `inside_cidr_blocks` (List of String) The inside IP addresses used for a Connect peer configuration.
- `peer_address` (String) The IP address of the Connect peer.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for a Connect peer configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--bgp_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.bgp_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `core_network_address` (String) The address of a core network.
- `core_network_asn` (Number) The ASN of the Coret Network.
- `peer_address` (String) The address of a core network Connect peer.
- `peer_asn` (Number) The ASN of the Connect peer.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_networkmanager_connect_peer.example "connect_peer_id"
```
