---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_nimblestudio_studio_component Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a studio component which connects a non-Nimble Studio resource in your account to your studio
---

# awscc_nimblestudio_studio_component (Resource)

Represents a studio component which connects a non-Nimble Studio resource in your account to your studio



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) <p>The name for the studio component.</p>
- `studio_id` (String) <p>The studioId. </p>
- `type` (String)

### Optional

- `configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration of the studio component, based on component type.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `description` (String) <p>The description.</p>
- `ec_2_security_group_ids` (List of String) <p>The EC2 security groups that control access to the studio component.</p>
- `initialization_scripts` (Attributes List) <p>Initialization scripts for studio components.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initialization_scripts))
- `script_parameters` (Attributes List) <p>Parameters for the studio component scripts.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--script_parameters))
- `subtype` (String)
- `tags` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `studio_component_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `active_directory_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a Microsoft Active Directory (Microsoft AD) studio resource.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--active_directory_configuration))
- `compute_farm_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a render farm that is associated with a studio resource.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--compute_farm_configuration))
- `license_service_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a license service that is associated with a studio resource.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--license_service_configuration))
- `shared_file_system_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a shared file storage system that is associated with a studio resource.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--shared_file_system_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--active_directory_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.active_directory_configuration`

Optional:

- `computer_attributes` (Attributes List) <p>A collection of custom attributes for an Active Directory computer.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--active_directory_configuration--computer_attributes))
- `directory_id` (String) <p>The directory ID of the Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory to access using this studio component.</p>
- `organizational_unit_distinguished_name` (String) <p>The distinguished name (DN) and organizational unit (OU) of an Active Directory computer.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--active_directory_configuration--computer_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.active_directory_configuration.computer_attributes`

Optional:

- `name` (String) <p>The name for the LDAP attribute.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>The value for the LDAP attribute.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--configuration--compute_farm_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.compute_farm_configuration`

Optional:

- `active_directory_user` (String) <p>The name of an Active Directory user that is used on ComputeFarm worker instances.</p>
- `endpoint` (String) <p>The endpoint of the ComputeFarm that is accessed by the studio component resource.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--license_service_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.license_service_configuration`

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) <p>The endpoint of the license service that is accessed by the studio component resource.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--configuration--shared_file_system_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.shared_file_system_configuration`

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) <p>The endpoint of the shared file system that is accessed by the studio component resource.</p>
- `file_system_id` (String) <p>The unique identifier for a file system.</p>
- `linux_mount_point` (String) <p>The mount location for a shared file system on a Linux virtual workstation.</p>
- `share_name` (String) <p>The name of the file share.</p>
- `windows_mount_drive` (String) <p>The mount location for a shared file system on a Windows virtual workstation.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--initialization_scripts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initialization_scripts`

Optional:

- `launch_profile_protocol_version` (String) <p>The version number of the protocol that is used by the launch profile. The only valid version is "2021-03-31".</p>
- `platform` (String)
- `run_context` (String)
- `script` (String) <p>The initialization script.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--script_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `script_parameters`

Optional:

- `key` (String) <p>A script parameter key.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>A script parameter value.</p>

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_nimblestudio_studio_component.example <resource ID>
```
