---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_nimblestudio_launch_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Represents a launch profile which delegates access to a collection of studio components to studio users
---

# awscc_nimblestudio_launch_profile (Resource)

Represents a launch profile which delegates access to a collection of studio components to studio users



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ec_2_subnet_ids` (List of String) <p>Specifies the IDs of the EC2 subnets where streaming sessions will be accessible from.
            These subnets must support the specified instance types. </p>
- `launch_profile_protocol_versions` (List of String) <p>The version number of the protocol that is used by the launch profile. The only valid
            version is "2021-03-31".</p>
- `name` (String) <p>The name for the launch profile.</p>
- `stream_configuration` (Attributes) <p>A configuration for a streaming session.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration))
- `studio_component_ids` (List of String) <p>Unique identifiers for a collection of studio components that can be used with this
            launch profile.</p>
- `studio_id` (String) <p>The studio ID. </p>

### Optional

- `description` (String) <p>The description.</p>
- `tags` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `launch_profile_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration`

Required:

- `clipboard_mode` (String)
- `ec_2_instance_types` (List of String) <p>The EC2 instance types that users can select from when launching a streaming session
            with this launch profile.</p>
- `streaming_image_ids` (List of String) <p>The streaming images that users can select from when launching a streaming session
            with this launch profile.</p>

Optional:

- `automatic_termination_mode` (String)
- `max_session_length_in_minutes` (Number) <p>The length of time, in minutes, that a streaming session can be active before it is
            stopped or terminated. After this point, Nimble Studio automatically terminates or
            stops the session. The default length of time is 690 minutes, and the maximum length of
            time is 30 days.</p>
- `max_stopped_session_length_in_minutes` (Number) <p>Integer that determines if you can start and stop your sessions and how long a session
            can stay in the STOPPED state. The default value is 0. The maximum value is 5760.</p>
         <p>If the value is missing or set to 0, your sessions can?t be stopped. If you then call
                <code>StopStreamingSession</code>, the session fails. If the time that a session
            stays in the READY state exceeds the <code>maxSessionLengthInMinutes</code> value, the
            session will automatically be terminated (instead of stopped).</p>
         <p>If the value is set to a positive number, the session can be stopped. You can call
                <code>StopStreamingSession</code> to stop sessions in the READY state. If the time
            that a session stays in the READY state exceeds the
                <code>maxSessionLengthInMinutes</code> value, the session will automatically be
            stopped (instead of terminated).</p>
- `session_persistence_mode` (String)
- `session_storage` (Attributes) <p>The configuration for a streaming session?s upload storage.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage))
- `volume_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--volume_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.session_storage`

Required:

- `mode` (List of String) <p>Allows artists to upload files to their workstations. The only valid option is
                <code>UPLOAD</code>.</p>

Optional:

- `root` (Attributes) <p>The upload storage root location (folder) on streaming workstations where files are
            uploaded.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage--root))

<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--session_storage--root"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.session_storage.root`

Optional:

- `linux` (String) <p>The folder path in Linux workstations where files are uploaded.</p>
- `windows` (String) <p>The folder path in Windows workstations where files are uploaded.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--stream_configuration--volume_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stream_configuration.volume_configuration`

Optional:

- `iops` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `throughput` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_nimblestudio_launch_profile.example <resource ID>
```
