---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_observabilityadmin_telemetry_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ObservabilityAdmin::TelemetryRule resource defines a CloudWatch Observability Admin Telemetry Rule.
---

# awscc_observabilityadmin_telemetry_rule (Resource)

The AWS::ObservabilityAdmin::TelemetryRule resource defines a CloudWatch Observability Admin Telemetry Rule.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rule` (Attributes) The telemetry rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))
- `rule_name` (String) The name of the telemetry rule

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `rule_arn` (String) The arn of the telemetry rule

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `resource_type` (String) Resource Type associated with the Telemetry Rule
- `telemetry_type` (String) Telemetry Type associated with the Telemetry Rule

Optional:

- `destination_configuration` (Attributes) The destination configuration for telemetry data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration))
- `selection_criteria` (String) Selection Criteria on resource level for rule application
- `telemetry_source_types` (Set of String) The telemetry source types for a telemetry rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration`

Optional:

- `cloudtrail_parameters` (Attributes) Telemetry parameters for Cloudtrail (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters))
- `destination_pattern` (String) Pattern for telemetry data destination
- `destination_type` (String) Type of telemetry destination
- `elb_load_balancer_logging_parameters` (Attributes) Telemetry parameters for ELB/NLB Load Balancer Logs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--elb_load_balancer_logging_parameters))
- `log_delivery_parameters` (Attributes) Parameters for BedrockAgentCore log delivery (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--log_delivery_parameters))
- `retention_in_days` (Number) Number of days to retain the telemetry data in the specified destination
- `vpc_flow_log_parameters` (Attributes) Telemetry parameters for VPC Flow logs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--vpc_flow_log_parameters))
- `waf_logging_parameters` (Attributes) Telemetry parameters for WAF v2 Web ACL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.cloudtrail_parameters`

Optional:

- `advanced_event_selectors` (Attributes Set) Create fine-grained selectors for AWS CloudTrail management and data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters--advanced_event_selectors))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters--advanced_event_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.cloudtrail_parameters.advanced_event_selectors`

Optional:

- `field_selectors` (Attributes Set) Contains all selector statements in an advanced event selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors))
- `name` (String) An optional descriptive name for the advanced event selector

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--cloudtrail_parameters--advanced_event_selectors--field_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.cloudtrail_parameters.advanced_event_selectors.field_selectors`

Optional:

- `ends_with` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the last few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `equals` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the exact value of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `field` (String) A field in a CloudTrail event record on which to filter events to be logged
- `not_ends_with` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the last few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `not_equals` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the exact value of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `not_starts_with` (Set of String) An operator that excludes events that match the first few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.
- `starts_with` (Set of String) An operator that includes events that match the first few characters of the event record field specified as the value of Field.




<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--elb_load_balancer_logging_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.elb_load_balancer_logging_parameters`

Optional:

- `field_delimiter` (String) A delimiter to delineate log fields
- `output_format` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--log_delivery_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.log_delivery_parameters`

Optional:

- `log_types` (Set of String) Types of logs to deliver for BedrockAgentCore resources


<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--vpc_flow_log_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.vpc_flow_log_parameters`

Optional:

- `log_format` (String) The fields to include in the flow log record. If you omit this parameter, the flow log is created using the default format.
- `max_aggregation_interval` (Number) The maximum interval of time, in seconds, during which a flow of packets is captured and aggregated into a flow log record. Default is 600s.
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic captured for the flow log. Default is ALL


<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters`

Optional:

- `log_type` (String) The type of logs to generate for WAF.
- `logging_filter` (Attributes) Default handling for logs that don't match any of the specified filtering conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter))
- `redacted_fields` (Attributes Set) Fields not to be included in the logs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--redacted_fields))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.logging_filter`

Optional:

- `default_behavior` (String) The behavior required of the filter.
- `filters` (Attributes Set) A list of filters to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.logging_filter.filters`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) The behavior required of the filter.
- `conditions` (Attributes Set) A list of conditions for a filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions))
- `requirement` (String) The requirement portion of the filter.

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.logging_filter.filters.conditions`

Optional:

- `action_condition` (Attributes) The condition of the action desired in the filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions--action_condition))
- `label_name_condition` (Attributes) The label name of the condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions--label_name_condition))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions--action_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.logging_filter.filters.conditions.action_condition`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The enumerated action to take.


<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--logging_filter--filters--conditions--label_name_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.logging_filter.filters.conditions.label_name_condition`

Optional:

- `label_name` (String) The label name of the condition.





<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--redacted_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.redacted_fields`

Optional:

- `method` (String) The method with which to match this rule.
- `query_string` (String) The query string to find the resource to match this field to.
- `single_header` (Attributes) Header for the field to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--redacted_fields--single_header))
- `uri_path` (String) This is the URI path to match this rule to.

<a id="nestedatt--rule--destination_configuration--waf_logging_parameters--redacted_fields--single_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.destination_configuration.waf_logging_parameters.redacted_fields.single_header`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the header






<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_observabilityadmin_telemetry_rule.example
  identity = {
    rule_arn = "rule_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `rule_arn` (String) The arn of the telemetry rule

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_observabilityadmin_telemetry_rule.example
  id = "rule_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_observabilityadmin_telemetry_rule.example "rule_arn"
```
