---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ODB::OdbPeeringConnection.
---

# awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ODB::OdbPeeringConnection.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The name of the ODB peering connection.
- `odb_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB network.
- `peer_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the peer network.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the Odb peering connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `odb_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB network.
- `odb_peering_connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB peering connection.
- `odb_peering_connection_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB peering connection.
- `peer_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the peer network.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., :, /, =, +, @, -, and ".
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection.example
  identity = {
    odb_peering_connection_arn = "odb_peering_connection_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `odb_peering_connection_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB peering connection

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection.example
  id = "odb_peering_connection_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_odb_odb_peering_connection.example "odb_peering_connection_arn"
```
