---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ODB::CloudExadataInfrastructure resource creates an Exadata Infrastructure
---

# awscc_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure (Resource)

The AWS::ODB::CloudExadataInfrastructure resource creates an Exadata Infrastructure



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The name of the Availability Zone (AZ) where the Exadata infrastructure is located.
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The AZ ID of the AZ where the Exadata infrastructure is located.
- `compute_count` (Number) The number of database servers for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `customer_contacts_to_send_to_oci` (Attributes List) The email addresses of contacts to receive notification from Oracle about maintenance updates for the Exadata infrastructure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer_contacts_to_send_to_oci))
- `database_server_type` (String) The database server model type of the Exadata infrastructure. For the list of valid model names, use the ListDbSystemShapes operation.
- `display_name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `shape` (String) The model name of the Exadata infrastructure.
- `storage_count` (Number) The number of storage servers that are activated for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `storage_server_type` (String) The storage server model type of the Exadata infrastructure. For the list of valid model names, use the ListDbSystemShapes operation.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the Exadata Infrastructure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `activated_storage_count` (Number) The number of storage servers requested for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `additional_storage_count` (Number) The number of storage servers requested for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `available_storage_size_in_g_bs` (Number) The amount of available storage, in gigabytes (GB), for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `cloud_exadata_infrastructure_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `cloud_exadata_infrastructure_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `compute_model` (String) The OCI model compute model used when you create or clone an instance: ECPU or OCPU. An ECPU is an abstracted measure of compute resources. ECPUs are based on the number of cores elastically allocated from a pool of compute and storage servers. An OCPU is a legacy physical measure of compute resources. OCPUs are based on the physical core of a processor with hyper-threading enabled.
- `cpu_count` (Number) The total number of CPU cores that are allocated to the Exadata infrastructure.
- `data_storage_size_in_t_bs` (Number) The size of the Exadata infrastructure's data disk group, in terabytes (TB).
- `db_node_storage_size_in_g_bs` (Number) The size of the Exadata infrastructure's local node storage, in gigabytes (GB).
- `db_server_ids` (List of String) The list of database server identifiers for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `db_server_version` (String) The software version of the database servers (dom0) in the Exadata infrastructure.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `max_cpu_count` (Number) The total number of CPU cores available on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `max_data_storage_in_t_bs` (Number) The total amount of data disk group storage, in terabytes (TB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `max_db_node_storage_size_in_g_bs` (Number) The total amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `max_memory_in_g_bs` (Number) The total amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `memory_size_in_g_bs` (Number) The amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's allocated on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `oci_resource_anchor_name` (String) The name of the OCI resource anchor for the Exadata infrastructure.
- `oci_url` (String) The HTTPS link to the Exadata infrastructure in OCI.
- `ocid` (String) The OCID of the Exadata infrastructure.
- `storage_server_version` (String) The software version of the storage servers on the Exadata infrastructure.
- `total_storage_size_in_g_bs` (Number) The total amount of storage, in gigabytes (GB), on the the Exadata infrastructure.

<a id="nestedatt--customer_contacts_to_send_to_oci"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer_contacts_to_send_to_oci`

Optional:

- `email` (String) The email address of the contact.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., :, /, =, +, @, -, and ".
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure.example
  id = "cloud_exadata_infrastructure_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure.example "cloud_exadata_infrastructure_arn"
```
