---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_odb_odb_network Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::ODB::OdbNetwork resource creates an ODB Network
---

# awscc_odb_odb_network (Resource)

The AWS::ODB::OdbNetwork resource creates an ODB Network



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The AWS Availability Zone (AZ) where the ODB network is located.
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The AZ ID of the AZ where the ODB network is located.
- `backup_subnet_cidr` (String) The CIDR range of the backup subnet in the ODB network.
- `client_subnet_cidr` (String) The CIDR range of the client subnet in the ODB network.
- `default_dns_prefix` (String) The DNS prefix to the default DNS domain name. The default DNS domain name is oraclevcn.com.
- `delete_associated_resources` (Boolean) Specifies whether to delete associated OCI networking resources along with the ODB network.
- `display_name` (String) The user-friendly name of the ODB network.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the Odb Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `oci_network_anchor_id` (String) The unique identifier of the OCI network anchor for the ODB network.
- `oci_resource_anchor_name` (String) The name of the OCI resource anchor that's associated with the ODB network.
- `oci_vcn_url` (String) The URL for the VCN that's associated with the ODB network.
- `odb_network_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ODB network.
- `odb_network_id` (String) The unique identifier of the ODB network.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., :, /, =, +, @, -, and ".
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that's 1 to 256 characters in length. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_odb_odb_network.example
  id = "odb_network_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_odb_odb_network.example "odb_network_arn"
```
