---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_omics_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Omics::Configuration
---

# awscc_omics_configuration (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Omics::Configuration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) User-friendly name for the configuration.
- `run_configurations` (Attributes) Required run-specific configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--run_configurations))

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description for the configuration.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags for the configuration.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Unique resource identifier for the configuration.
- `creation_time` (String) Configuration creation timestamp.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Current configuration status.
- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier for the configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--run_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_configurations`

Optional:

- `vpc_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--run_configurations--vpc_config))

<a id="nestedatt--run_configurations--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_configurations.vpc_config`

Optional:

- `security_group_ids` (List of String)
- `subnet_ids` (List of String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_omics_configuration.example
  identity = {
    name = "name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `name` (String) User-friendly name for the configuration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_omics_configuration.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_omics_configuration.example "name"
```
