
---
page_title: "awscc_opensearchservice_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Amazon OpenSearchService application resource
---

# awscc_opensearchservice_application (Resource)

Amazon OpenSearchService application resource

## Example Usage

### Create OpenSearch Service Application

To create a basic OpenSearch Service application named 'exampleapp123' with AWSCC managed tags.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example OpenSearch Service application
resource "awscc_opensearchservice_application" "example" {
  name = "exampleapp123"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the application.

### Optional

- `app_configs` (Attributes List) List of application configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_configs))
- `data_sources` (Attributes List) List of data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_sources))
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the application.
- `iam_identity_center_options` (Attributes) Options for configuring IAM Identity Center (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iam_identity_center_options))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An arbitrary set of tags (key-value pairs) for this application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) The identifier of the application.
- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) format.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--app_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_configs`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The configuration key
- `value` (String) The configuration value.


<a id="nestedatt--data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_sources`

Optional:

- `data_source_arn` (String) The ARN of the data source.
- `data_source_description` (String) Description of the data source.


<a id="nestedatt--iam_identity_center_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iam_identity_center_options`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether IAM Identity Center is enabled.
- `iam_identity_center_instance_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM Identity Center instance.
- `iam_role_for_identity_center_application_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role for Identity Center application.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key in the key-value pair
- `value` (String) The value in the key-value pair

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_opensearchservice_application.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_opensearchservice_application.example "name"
```
