---
page_title: "awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::CollectionGroup
---

# awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::OpenSearchServerless::CollectionGroup

## Example Usage

Create an OpenSearch Serverless collection group with capacity limits and standby replicas

~> This example is generated by Amazon Bedrock and verified to work using Terraform.

```terraform
resource "awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group" "example" {
  name        = "example-collection-group"
  description = "Example OpenSearch Serverless collection group for demonstration"

  capacity_limits = {
    max_indexing_capacity_in_ocu = 8
    max_search_capacity_in_ocu   = 8
  }

  standby_replicas = "ENABLED"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-collection-group"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the collection group.
- `standby_replicas` (String) Indicates whether standby replicas are used for the collection group.

### Optional

- `capacity_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_limits))
- `description` (String) The description of the collection group.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the collection group.
- `collection_group_id` (String) The unique identifier of the collection group.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_limits`

Optional:

- `max_indexing_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The maximum indexing capacity for collections in the group.
- `max_search_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The maximum search capacity for collections in the group.
- `min_indexing_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The minimum indexing capacity for collections in the group.
- `min_search_capacity_in_ocu` (Number) The minimum search capacity for collections in the group.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key in the key-value pair
- `value` (String) The value in the key-value pair

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the collection group

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_opensearchserverless_collection_group.example "id"
```
