---
page_title: "awscc_organizations_organization Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Organizations::Organization
---

# awscc_organizations_organization (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Organizations::Organization

## Example Usage

### Organizations Organization with All Features
Creates an AWS Organizations organization with all features enabled

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create an AWS Organizations organization
resource "awscc_organizations_organization" "example" {
  # Feature set can be either "ALL" or "CONSOLIDATED_BILLING"
  feature_set = "ALL"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `feature_set` (String) Specifies the feature set supported by the new organization. Each feature set supports different levels of functionality.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an organization.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `management_account_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account that is designated as the management account for the organization.
- `management_account_email` (String) The email address that is associated with the AWS account that is designated as the management account for the organization.
- `management_account_id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of the management account of an organization.
- `organization_id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of an organization.
- `root_id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) for the root.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_organizations_organization.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier (ID) of an organization

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_organizations_organization.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_organizations_organization.example "id"
```
