
---
page_title: "awscc_organizations_account Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use AWS::Organizations::Account to manage accounts in organization.
---

# awscc_organizations_account (Resource)

You can use AWS::Organizations::Account to manage accounts in organization.

## Example Usage

### Create AWS Organizations Member Account

Creates a member account in AWS Organizations with specified account name, email, and IAM role for cross-account access.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example Organizations Account
resource "awscc_organizations_account" "example" {
  account_name = "example-member-account"
  email        = "example-account@example.com"
  role_name    = "OrganizationAccountAccessRole"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) The friendly name of the member account.
- `email` (String) The email address of the owner to assign to the new member account.

### Optional

- `parent_ids` (Set of String) List of parent nodes for the member account. Currently only one parent at a time is supported. Default is root.
- `role_name` (String) The name of an IAM role that AWS Organizations automatically preconfigures in the new member account. Default name is OrganizationAccountAccessRole if not specified.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags that you want to attach to the newly created account. For each tag in the list, you must specify both a tag key and a value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) If the account was created successfully, the unique identifier (ID) of the new account.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `joined_method` (String) The method by which the account joined the organization.
- `joined_timestamp` (String) The date the account became a part of the organization.
- `status` (String) The status of the account in the organization.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key identifier, or name, of the tag.
- `value` (String) The string value that's associated with the key of the tag. You can set the value of a tag to an empty string, but you can't set the value of a tag to null.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_organizations_account.example
  id = "account_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_organizations_account.example "account_id"
```
