
---
page_title: "awscc_panorama_package Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a package and storage location in an Amazon S3 access point.
---

# awscc_panorama_package (Resource)

Creates a package and storage location in an Amazon S3 access point.

## Example Usage

### AWS Panorama Package Creation

Creates a basic AWS Panorama package with specified package name and mandatory AWSCC tagging.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a Panorama package
resource "awscc_panorama_package" "example" {
  package_name = "example-package"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `package_name` (String) A name for the package.

### Optional

- `storage_location` (Attributes) A storage location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_location))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the package. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `created_time` (Number)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `package_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--storage_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_location`

Read-Only:

- `binary_prefix_location` (String) The location's binary prefix.
- `bucket` (String) The location's bucket.
- `generated_prefix_location` (String) The location's generated prefix.
- `manifest_prefix_location` (String) The location's manifest prefix.
- `repo_prefix_location` (String) The location's repo prefix.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_panorama_package.example "package_id"
```
