---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_panorama_application_instance Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an application instance and deploys it to a device.
---

# awscc_panorama_application_instance (Resource)

Creates an application instance and deploys it to a device.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_runtime_context_device` (String) The device's ID.
- `manifest_payload` (Attributes) The application's manifest document. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--manifest_payload))

### Optional

- `application_instance_id_to_replace` (String) The ID of an application instance to replace with the new instance.
- `description` (String) A description for the application instance.
- `manifest_overrides_payload` (Attributes) Setting overrides for the application manifest. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--manifest_overrides_payload))
- `name` (String) A name for the application instance.
- `runtime_role_arn` (String) The ARN of a runtime role for the application instance.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags for the application instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `application_instance_id` (String)
- `arn` (String)
- `created_time` (Number)
- `default_runtime_context_device_name` (String)
- `health_status` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `status_description` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--manifest_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest_payload`

Optional:

- `payload_data` (String) The application manifest.


<a id="nestedatt--manifest_overrides_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest_overrides_payload`

Optional:

- `payload_data` (String) The overrides document.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_panorama_application_instance.example
  id = "application_instance_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_panorama_application_instance.example "application_instance_id"
```
