
---
page_title: "awscc_pcs_compute_node_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS::PCS::ComputeNodeGroup resource creates an AWS PCS compute node group.
---

# awscc_pcs_compute_node_group (Resource)

AWS::PCS::ComputeNodeGroup resource creates an AWS PCS compute node group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# For complete examples for all PCS resources, please refer https://github.com/aws-samples/aws-hpc-recipes/blob/main/recipes/pcs/terraform_awscc/assets/modules/compute/main.tf

resource "awscc_pcs_compute_node_group" "login" {
  name       = "login"
  cluster_id = awscc_pcs_cluster.main.cluster_id
  custom_launch_template = {
    template_id = aws_launch_template.login.id
    version     = aws_launch_template.login.latest_version
  }
  iam_instance_profile_arn = var.instance_profile_arn
  instance_configs = [{
    instance_type = var.pcs_cng_login_instance_type
  }]
  scaling_configuration = {
    min_instance_count = 1
    max_instance_count = 1
  }
  subnet_ids = [var.access_subnet_id]
  ami_id     = var.pcs_cng_ami_id

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster of the compute node group.
- `custom_launch_template` (Attributes) An Amazon EC2 launch template AWS PCS uses to launch compute nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_launch_template))
- `iam_instance_profile_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM instance profile used to pass an IAM role when launching EC2 instances. The role contained in your instance profile must have pcs:RegisterComputeNodeGroupInstance permissions attached to provision instances correctly.
- `instance_configs` (Attributes List) A list of EC2 instance configurations that AWS PCS can provision in the compute node group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_configs))
- `scaling_configuration` (Attributes) Specifies the boundaries of the compute node group auto scaling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scaling_configuration))
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) The list of subnet IDs where instances are provisioned by the compute node group. The subnets must be in the same VPC as the cluster.

### Optional

- `ami_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that AWS PCS uses to launch instances. If not provided, AWS PCS uses the AMI ID specified in the custom launch template.
- `name` (String) The name that identifies the compute node group.
- `node_lifecycle_actions` (Attributes) Custom scripts that run at defined points in a compute node's lifecycle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions))
- `purchase_option` (String) Specifies how EC2 instances are purchased on your behalf. AWS PCS supports On-Demand, Spot, Capacity Block, and Interruptible Capacity Reservation instances. For more information, see Instance purchasing options in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide. If you don't provide this option, it defaults to On-Demand.
- `slurm_configuration` (Attributes) Additional options related to the Slurm scheduler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slurm_configuration))
- `spot_options` (Attributes) Additional configuration when you specify SPOT as the purchase option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spot_options))
- `tags` (Map of String) 1 or more tags added to the resource. Each tag consists of a tag key and tag value. The tag value is optional and can be an empty string.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the compute node group.
- `compute_node_group_id` (String) The generated unique ID of the compute node group.
- `error_info` (Attributes List) The list of errors that occurred during compute node group provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_info))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The provisioning status of the compute node group. The provisioning status doesn't indicate the overall health of the compute node group.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_launch_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_launch_template`

Required:

- `version` (String) The version of the EC2 launch template to use to provision instances.

Optional:

- `template_id` (String) The ID of the EC2 launch template to use to provision instances.


<a id="nestedatt--instance_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_configs`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The EC2 instance type that AWS PCS can provision in the compute node group.


<a id="nestedatt--scaling_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scaling_configuration`

Required:

- `max_instance_count` (Number) The upper bound of the number of instances allowed in the compute fleet.
- `min_instance_count` (Number) The lower bound of the number of instances allowed in the compute fleet.


<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions`

Optional:

- `script_caching_policy` (String) Controls whether lifecycle scripts are downloaded once at first boot (CACHE_ONCE) or re-downloaded on every reboot (REFRESH_ON_REBOOT). Defaults to CACHE_ONCE.
- `stages` (Attributes) The ordered scripts to run at each compute node lifecycle stage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages))

<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions.stages`

Optional:

- `node_bootstrapped` (Attributes List) Scripts to run after the node is bootstrapped, once the PCS configuration phase completes and before slurmd starts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_bootstrapped))
- `node_ready` (Attributes List) Scripts to execute when the node becomes ready (every boot). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_ready))

<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_bootstrapped"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions.stages.node_bootstrapped`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) An ordered list of arguments passed to the script.
- `execution_policy` (String) Whether the script runs only on the node's first boot (FIRST_BOOT_ONLY) or on every boot including reboots (EVERY_BOOT). Defaults to FIRST_BOOT_ONLY.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name that identifies the script.
- `on_error` (String) The behavior when the script exits with an error. Defaults to TERMINATE.
- `script_source` (Attributes) The external location of a lifecycle script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_bootstrapped--script_source))

<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_bootstrapped--script_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions.stages.node_bootstrapped.script_source`

Optional:

- `checksum` (String) A 64-character hexadecimal SHA-256 digest used to verify script integrity.
- `s3_version_id` (String) The S3 object version ID of the script, when stored in a versioned bucket.
- `script_location` (String) The S3 URI or HTTPS URL where the script is stored.



<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_ready"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions.stages.node_ready`

Optional:

- `arguments` (List of String) An ordered list of arguments passed to the script.
- `execution_policy` (String) Whether the script runs only on the node's first boot (FIRST_BOOT_ONLY) or on every boot including reboots (EVERY_BOOT). Defaults to FIRST_BOOT_ONLY.
- `name` (String) A human-readable name that identifies the script.
- `on_error` (String) The behavior when the script exits with an error. Defaults to TERMINATE.
- `script_source` (Attributes) The external location of a lifecycle script. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_ready--script_source))

<a id="nestedatt--node_lifecycle_actions--stages--node_ready--script_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_lifecycle_actions.stages.node_ready.script_source`

Optional:

- `checksum` (String) A 64-character hexadecimal SHA-256 digest used to verify script integrity.
- `s3_version_id` (String) The S3 object version ID of the script, when stored in a versioned bucket.
- `script_location` (String) The S3 URI or HTTPS URL where the script is stored.





<a id="nestedatt--slurm_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slurm_configuration`

Optional:

- `scale_down_idle_time_in_seconds` (Number) The time before an idle node is scaled down.
- `slurm_custom_settings` (Attributes List) Additional Slurm-specific configuration that directly maps to Slurm settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--slurm_configuration--slurm_custom_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--slurm_configuration--slurm_custom_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slurm_configuration.slurm_custom_settings`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) AWS PCS supports configuration of the following Slurm parameters for compute node groups: Weight and RealMemory.
- `parameter_value` (String) The value for the configured Slurm setting.



<a id="nestedatt--spot_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spot_options`

Optional:

- `allocation_strategy` (String) The Amazon EC2 allocation strategy AWS PCS uses to provision EC2 instances. AWS PCS supports lowest price, capacity optimized, and price capacity optimized. If you don't provide this option, it defaults to price capacity optimized.


<a id="nestedatt--error_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_info`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The short-form error code.
- `message` (String) The detailed error information.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_pcs_compute_node_group.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the compute node group

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_pcs_compute_node_group.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_pcs_compute_node_group.example "arn"
```
