---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_pcs_queue Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS::PCS::Queue resource creates an AWS PCS queue.
---

# awscc_pcs_queue (Resource)

AWS::PCS::Queue resource creates an AWS PCS queue.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster of the queue.

### Optional

- `compute_node_group_configurations` (Attributes List) The list of compute node group configurations associated with the queue. Queues assign jobs to associated compute node groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compute_node_group_configurations))
- `name` (String) The name that identifies the queue.
- `tags` (Map of String) 1 or more tags added to the resource. Each tag consists of a tag key and tag value. The tag value is optional and can be an empty string.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the queue.
- `error_info` (Attributes List) The list of errors that occurred during queue provisioning. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--error_info))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `queue_id` (String) The generated unique ID of the queue.
- `status` (String) The provisioning status of the queue. The provisioning status doesn't indicate the overall health of the queue.

<a id="nestedatt--compute_node_group_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compute_node_group_configurations`

Optional:

- `compute_node_group_id` (String) The compute node group ID for the compute node group configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--error_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `error_info`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The short-form error code.
- `message` (String) The detailed error information.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_pcs_queue.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_pcs_queue.example "arn"
```
