---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_proton_environment_account_connection Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Schema describing various properties for AWS Proton Environment Account Connections resources.
---

# awscc_proton_environment_account_connection (Resource)

Resource Schema describing various properties for AWS Proton Environment Account Connections resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `codebuild_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM service role in the environment account. AWS Proton uses this role to provision infrastructure resources using CodeBuild-based provisioning in the associated environment account.
- `component_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role that AWS Proton uses when provisioning directly defined components in the associated environment account. It determines the scope of infrastructure that a component can provision in the account.
- `environment_account_id` (String) The environment account that's connected to the environment account connection.
- `environment_name` (String) The name of the AWS Proton environment that's created in the associated management account.
- `management_account_id` (String) The ID of the management account that accepts or rejects the environment account connection. You create an manage the AWS Proton environment in this account. If the management account accepts the environment account connection, AWS Proton can use the associated IAM role to provision environment infrastructure resources in the associated environment account.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM service role that's created in the environment account. AWS Proton uses this role to provision infrastructure resources in the associated environment account.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) <p>An optional list of metadata items that you can associate with the Proton environment account connection. A tag is a key-value pair.</p>
         <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/proton/latest/userguide/resources.html">Proton resources and tagging</a> in the
        <i>Proton User Guide</i>.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the environment account connection.
- `environment_account_connection_id` (String) The ID of the environment account connection.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the environment account connection.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) <p>The key of the resource tag.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>The value of the resource tag.</p>

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_proton_environment_account_connection.example "arn"
```
