---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_quicksight_template Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of the AWS::QuickSight::Template Resource Type.
---

# awscc_quicksight_template (Resource)

Definition of the AWS::QuickSight::Template Resource Type.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `source_entity` (Attributes) <p>The source entity of the template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity))
- `template_id` (String)

### Optional

- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the template.</p>
- `permissions` (Attributes List) <p>A list of resource permissions to be set on the template. </p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `tags` (Attributes List) <p>Contains a map of the key-value pairs for the resource tag or tags assigned to the resource.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `version_description` (String) <p>A description of the current template version being created. This API operation creates the
			first version of the template. Every time <code>UpdateTemplate</code> is called, a new
			version is created. Each version of the template maintains a description of the version
			in the <code>VersionDescription</code> field.</p>

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the template.</p>
- `created_time` (String) <p>Time when this was created.</p>
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) <p>Time when this was last updated.</p>
- `version` (Attributes) <p>A version of a template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version))

<a id="nestedatt--source_entity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity`

Optional:

- `source_analysis` (Attributes) <p>The source analysis of the template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity--source_analysis))
- `source_template` (Attributes) <p>The source template of the template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity--source_template))

<a id="nestedatt--source_entity--source_analysis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity.source_analysis`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>
- `data_set_references` (Attributes List) <p>A structure containing information about the dataset references used as placeholders
            in the template.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_entity--source_analysis--data_set_references))

<a id="nestedatt--source_entity--source_analysis--data_set_references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity.source_analysis.data_set_references`

Optional:

- `data_set_arn` (String) <p>Dataset Amazon Resource Name (ARN).</p>
- `data_set_placeholder` (String) <p>Dataset placeholder.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--source_entity--source_template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_entity.source_template`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) <p>The IAM action to grant or revoke permissions on.</p>
- `principal` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the principal. This can be one of the
            following:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user or group associated with a data source or dataset. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user, group, or namespace associated with an analysis, dashboard, template, or theme. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an AWS account root: This is an IAM ARN rather than a QuickSight
                    ARN. Use this option only to share resources (templates) across AWS accounts.
                    (This is less common.) </p>
            </li>
         </ul>


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) <p>Tag key.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>Tag value.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version`

Read-Only:

- `created_time` (String) <p>The time that this template version was created.</p>
- `data_set_configurations` (Attributes List) <p>Schema of the dataset identified by the placeholder. Any dashboard created from this
            template should be bound to new datasets matching the same schema described through this
            API operation.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations))
- `description` (String) <p>The description of the template.</p>
- `errors` (Attributes List) <p>Errors associated with this template version.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--errors))
- `sheets` (Attributes List) <p>A list of the associated sheets with the unique identifier and name of each sheet.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--sheets))
- `source_entity_arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an analysis or template that was used to create this
            template.</p>
- `status` (String)
- `theme_arn` (String) <p>The ARN of the theme associated with this version of the template.</p>
- `version_number` (Number) <p>The version number of the template version.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.data_set_configurations`

Read-Only:

- `column_group_schema_list` (Attributes List) <p>A structure containing the list of column group schemas.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--column_group_schema_list))
- `data_set_schema` (Attributes) <p>Dataset schema.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--data_set_schema))
- `placeholder` (String) <p>Placeholder.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--column_group_schema_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.data_set_configurations.column_group_schema_list`

Read-Only:

- `column_group_column_schema_list` (Attributes List) <p>A structure containing the list of schemas for column group columns.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--column_group_schema_list--column_group_column_schema_list))
- `name` (String) <p>The name of the column group schema.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--column_group_schema_list--column_group_column_schema_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.data_set_configurations.column_group_schema_list.column_group_column_schema_list`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of the column group's column schema.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--data_set_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.data_set_configurations.data_set_schema`

Read-Only:

- `column_schema_list` (Attributes List) <p>A structure containing the list of column schemas.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--data_set_schema--column_schema_list))

<a id="nestedatt--version--data_set_configurations--data_set_schema--column_schema_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.data_set_configurations.data_set_schema.column_schema_list`

Read-Only:

- `data_type` (String) <p>The data type of the column schema.</p>
- `geographic_role` (String) <p>The geographic role of the column schema.</p>
- `name` (String) <p>The name of the column schema.</p>




<a id="nestedatt--version--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.errors`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) <p>Description of the error type.</p>
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--version--sheets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version.sheets`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of a sheet. This name is displayed on the sheet's tab in the QuickSight
            console.</p>
- `sheet_id` (String) <p>The unique identifier associated with a sheet.</p>

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_quicksight_template.example
  id = "aws_account_id|template_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_quicksight_template.example "aws_account_id|template_id"
```
