
---
page_title: "awscc_quicksight_data_set Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of the AWS::QuickSight::DataSet Resource Type.
---

# awscc_quicksight_data_set (Resource)

Definition of the AWS::QuickSight::DataSet Resource Type.

## Example Usage

### QuickSight Dataset with Physical and Logical Tables

Creates a QuickSight dataset with defined physical and logical table mappings, including input columns configuration and comprehensive permissions for dataset management operations.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current account ID and region
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Example of an QuickSight dataset
resource "awscc_quicksight_data_set" "example" {
  aws_account_id = data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id
  data_set_id    = "example-dataset"
  name           = "Example Dataset"
  import_mode    = "SPICE"

  physical_table_map = {
    "table1" = {
      relational_table = {
        data_source_arn = "arn:aws:quicksight:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:datasource/example-datasource"
        schema          = "default"
        name            = "example_table"
        input_columns = [
          {
            name = "id"
            type = "INTEGER"
          },
          {
            name = "name"
            type = "STRING"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }

  logical_table_map = {
    "logical1" = {
      alias = "Example Table"
      source = {
        physical_table_id = "table1"
      }
    }
  }

  permissions = [{
    actions = [
      "quicksight:UpdateDataSetPermissions",
      "quicksight:DescribeDataSet",
      "quicksight:DescribeDataSetPermissions",
      "quicksight:PassDataSet",
      "quicksight:DescribeIngestion",
      "quicksight:ListIngestions",
      "quicksight:UpdateDataSet",
      "quicksight:DeleteDataSet",
      "quicksight:CreateIngestion",
      "quicksight:CancelIngestion"
    ]
    principal = "arn:aws:quicksight:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:group/default/example-group"
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `column_groups` (Attributes List) <p>Groupings of columns that work together in certain QuickSight features. Currently, only geospatial hierarchy is supported.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--column_groups))
- `column_level_permission_rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--column_level_permission_rules))
- `data_set_id` (String)
- `data_set_usage_configuration` (Attributes) <p>The dataset usage configuration for the dataset.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_set_usage_configuration))
- `field_folders` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_folders))
- `import_mode` (String)
- `ingestion_wait_policy` (Attributes) <p>Wait policy to use when creating/updating dataset. Default is to wait for SPICE ingestion to finish with timeout of 36 hours.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingestion_wait_policy))
- `logical_table_map` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map))
- `name` (String) <p>The display name for the dataset.</p>
- `permissions` (Attributes List) <p>A list of resource permissions on the dataset.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `physical_table_map` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map))
- `row_level_permission_data_set` (Attributes) <p>The row-level security configuration for the dataset.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--row_level_permission_data_set))
- `tags` (Attributes List) <p>Contains a map of the key-value pairs for the resource tag or tags assigned to the dataset.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource.</p>
- `consumed_spice_capacity_in_bytes` (Number) <p>The amount of SPICE capacity used by this dataset. This is 0 if the dataset isn't
            imported into SPICE.</p>
- `created_time` (String) <p>The time that this dataset was created.</p>
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_updated_time` (String) <p>The last time that this dataset was updated.</p>
- `output_columns` (Attributes List) <p>The list of columns after all transforms. These columns are available in templates,
            analyses, and dashboards.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_columns))

<a id="nestedatt--column_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column_groups`

Optional:

- `geo_spatial_column_group` (Attributes) <p>Geospatial column group that denotes a hierarchy.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--column_groups--geo_spatial_column_group))

<a id="nestedatt--column_groups--geo_spatial_column_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column_groups.geo_spatial_column_group`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String) <p>Columns in this hierarchy.</p>
- `country_code` (String)
- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the hierarchy.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--column_level_permission_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `column_level_permission_rules`

Optional:

- `column_names` (List of String)
- `principals` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--data_set_usage_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_set_usage_configuration`

Optional:

- `disable_use_as_direct_query_source` (Boolean)
- `disable_use_as_imported_source` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--field_folders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_folders`

Optional:

- `columns` (List of String)
- `description` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ingestion_wait_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingestion_wait_policy`

Optional:

- `ingestion_wait_time_in_hours` (Number) <p>The maximum time (in hours) to wait for Ingestion to complete. Default timeout is 36 hours.
 Applicable only when DataSetImportMode mode is set to SPICE and WaitForSpiceIngestion is set to true.</p>
- `wait_for_spice_ingestion` (Boolean) <p>Wait for SPICE ingestion to finish to mark dataset creation/update successful. Default (true).
  Applicable only when DataSetImportMode mode is set to SPICE.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) <p>A display name for the logical table.</p>
- `data_transforms` (Attributes List) <p>Transform operations that act on this logical table.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms))
- `source` (Attributes) <p>Information about the source of a logical table. This is a variant type structure. For
            this structure to be valid, only one of the attributes can be non-null.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--source))

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms`

Optional:

- `cast_column_type_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that casts a column to a different type.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--cast_column_type_operation))
- `create_columns_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that creates calculated columns. Columns created in one such
            operation form a lexical closure.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--create_columns_operation))
- `filter_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that filters rows based on a condition.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--filter_operation))
- `project_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that projects columns. Operations that come after a projection
            can only refer to projected columns.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--project_operation))
- `rename_column_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that renames a column.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--rename_column_operation))
- `tag_column_operation` (Attributes) <p>A transform operation that tags a column with additional information.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation))

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--cast_column_type_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.cast_column_type_operation`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) <p>Column name.</p>
- `format` (String) <p>When casting a column from string to datetime type, you can supply a string in a
            format supported by Amazon QuickSight to denote the source data format.</p>
- `new_column_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--create_columns_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.create_columns_operation`

Optional:

- `columns` (Attributes List) <p>Calculated columns to create.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--create_columns_operation--columns))

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--create_columns_operation--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.create_columns_operation.columns`

Optional:

- `column_id` (String) <p>A unique ID to identify a calculated column. During a dataset update, if the column ID
            of a calculated column matches that of an existing calculated column, Amazon QuickSight
            preserves the existing calculated column.</p>
- `column_name` (String) <p>Column name.</p>
- `expression` (String) <p>An expression that defines the calculated column.</p>



<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--filter_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.filter_operation`

Optional:

- `condition_expression` (String) <p>An expression that must evaluate to a Boolean value. Rows for which the expression
            evaluates to true are kept in the dataset.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--project_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.project_operation`

Optional:

- `projected_columns` (List of String) <p>Projected columns.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--rename_column_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.rename_column_operation`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) <p>The name of the column to be renamed.</p>
- `new_column_name` (String) <p>The new name for the column.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.tag_column_operation`

Optional:

- `column_name` (String) <p>The column that this operation acts on.</p>
- `tags` (Attributes List) <p>The dataset column tag, currently only used for geospatial type tagging. .</p>
        <note>
            <p>This is not tags for the AWS tagging feature. .</p>
        </note> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.tag_column_operation.tags`

Optional:

- `column_description` (Attributes) <p>Metadata that contains a description for a column.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation--tags--column_description))
- `column_geographic_role` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--data_transforms--tag_column_operation--tags--column_description"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.data_transforms.tag_column_operation.tags.column_description`

Optional:

- `text` (String) <p>The text of a description for a column.</p>





<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.source`

Optional:

- `data_set_arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the dataset.</p>
- `join_instruction` (Attributes) <p>Join instruction.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction))
- `physical_table_id` (String) <p>Physical table ID.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.source.join_instruction`

Optional:

- `left_join_key_properties` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction--left_join_key_properties))
- `left_operand` (String) <p>Left operand.</p>
- `on_clause` (String) <p>On Clause.</p>
- `right_join_key_properties` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction--right_join_key_properties))
- `right_operand` (String) <p>Right operand.</p>
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction--left_join_key_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.source.join_instruction.left_join_key_properties`

Optional:

- `unique_key` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--logical_table_map--source--join_instruction--right_join_key_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logical_table_map.source.join_instruction.right_join_key_properties`

Optional:

- `unique_key` (Boolean)





<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) <p>The IAM action to grant or revoke permissions on.</p>
- `principal` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the principal. This can be one of the
            following:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user or group associated with a data source or dataset. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an Amazon QuickSight user, group, or namespace associated with an analysis, dashboard, template, or theme. (This is common.)</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The ARN of an AWS account root: This is an IAM ARN rather than a QuickSight
                    ARN. Use this option only to share resources (templates) across AWS accounts.
                    (This is less common.) </p>
            </li>
         </ul>


<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map`

Optional:

- `custom_sql` (Attributes) <p>A physical table type built from the results of the custom SQL query.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--custom_sql))
- `relational_table` (Attributes) <p>A physical table type for relational data sources.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--relational_table))
- `s3_source` (Attributes) <p>A physical table type for as S3 data source.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source))

<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--custom_sql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.custom_sql`

Optional:

- `columns` (Attributes List) <p>The column schema from the SQL query result set.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--custom_sql--columns))
- `data_source_arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the data source.</p>
- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the SQL query result.</p>
- `sql_query` (String) <p>The SQL query.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--custom_sql--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.custom_sql.columns`

Optional:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of this column in the underlying data source.</p>
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--relational_table"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.relational_table`

Optional:

- `catalog` (String) <p>The catalog associated with a table.</p>
- `data_source_arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the data source.</p>
- `input_columns` (Attributes List) <p>The column schema of the table.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--relational_table--input_columns))
- `name` (String) <p>The name of the relational table.</p>
- `schema` (String) <p>The schema name. This name applies to certain relational database engines.</p>

<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--relational_table--input_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.relational_table.input_columns`

Optional:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of this column in the underlying data source.</p>
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.s3_source`

Optional:

- `data_source_arn` (String) <p>The amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the data source.</p>
- `input_columns` (Attributes List) <p>A physical table type for as S3 data source.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source--input_columns))
- `upload_settings` (Attributes) <p>Information about the format for a source file or files.</p> (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source--upload_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source--input_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.s3_source.input_columns`

Optional:

- `name` (String) <p>The name of this column in the underlying data source.</p>
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--physical_table_map--s3_source--upload_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `physical_table_map.s3_source.upload_settings`

Optional:

- `contains_header` (Boolean) <p>Whether the file has a header row, or the files each have a header row.</p>
- `delimiter` (String) <p>The delimiter between values in the file.</p>
- `format` (String)
- `start_from_row` (Number) <p>A row number to start reading data from.</p>
- `text_qualifier` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--row_level_permission_data_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `row_level_permission_data_set`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) <p>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the permission dataset.</p>
- `format_version` (String)
- `namespace` (String) <p>The namespace associated with the row-level permissions dataset.</p>
- `permission_policy` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) <p>Tag key.</p>
- `value` (String) <p>Tag value.</p>


<a id="nestedatt--output_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_columns`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) <p>A description for a column.</p>
- `name` (String) <p>A display name for the dataset.</p>
- `type` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_quicksight_data_set.example "aws_account_id|data_set_id"
```
