
---
page_title: "awscc_ram_resource_share Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::RAM::ResourceShare
---

# awscc_ram_resource_share (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::RAM::ResourceShare

## Example Usage

### Create RAM Resource Share with External Access

Creates an AWS Resource Access Manager (RAM) resource share that enables VPC subnet sharing with external principals, demonstrating how to set up cross-account resource sharing with specified permissions and principals.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a RAM resource share
resource "awscc_ram_resource_share" "example" {
  name                      = "test-ram-share"
  allow_external_principals = true

  # Add VPC sharing permission
  permission_arns = [
    "arn:aws:ram::aws:permission/AWSRAMDefaultPermissionSubnet"
  ]

  # Example principal - replace with actual AWS account ID in your environment
  principals = [
    "123456789012"
  ]

  # Tags as per AWSCC format
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the resource share.

### Optional

- `allow_external_principals` (Boolean) Specifies whether principals outside your organization in AWS Organizations can be associated with a resource share. A value of `true` lets you share with individual AWS accounts that are not in your organization. A value of `false` only has meaning if your account is a member of an AWS Organization. The default value is `true`.
- `permission_arns` (List of String) Specifies the [Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of the AWS RAM permission to associate with the resource share. If you do not specify an ARN for the permission, AWS RAM automatically attaches the default version of the permission for each resource type. You can associate only one permission with each resource type included in the resource share.
- `principals` (List of String) Specifies the principals to associate with the resource share. The possible values are:

- An AWS account ID

- An Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an organization in AWS Organizations

- An ARN of an organizational unit (OU) in AWS Organizations

- An ARN of an IAM role

- An ARN of an IAM user
- `resource_arns` (List of String) Specifies a list of one or more ARNs of the resources to associate with the resource share.
- `sources` (List of String) Specifies from which source accounts the service principal has access to the resources in this resource share.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Specifies one or more tags to attach to the resource share itself. It doesn't attach the tags to the resources associated with the resource share. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ram_resource_share.example "arn"
```
