---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ram_permission Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::RAM::Permission
---

# awscc_ram_permission (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::RAM::Permission



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the permission.
- `policy_template` (String) Policy template for the permission.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type this permission can be used with.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_resource_type_default` (Boolean) Set to true to use this as the default permission.
- `permission_type` (String)
- `version` (String) Version of the permission.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ram_permission.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ram_permission.example "arn"
```
