
---
page_title: "awscc_rbin_rule Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Rbin::Rule
---

# awscc_rbin_rule (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Rbin::Rule

## Example Usage

### EBS Snapshot Retention Rule

Creates a recycle bin rule that retains EBS snapshots tagged with Environment=Production for 7 days before permanent deletion.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# This creates a recycle bin rule for EBS snapshots
resource "awscc_rbin_rule" "example" {
  description   = "Retain EBS snapshots for 7 days"
  resource_type = "EBS_SNAPSHOT"
  retention_period = {
    retention_period_value = 7
    retention_period_unit  = "DAYS"
  }
  resource_tags = [{
    resource_tag_key   = "Environment"
    resource_tag_value = "Production"
  }]
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_type` (String) The resource type retained by the retention rule.
- `retention_period` (Attributes) Information about the retention period for which the retention rule is to retain resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retention_period))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the retention rule.
- `exclude_resource_tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the exclude resource tags used to identify resources that are excluded by the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude_resource_tags))
- `lock_configuration` (Attributes) Information about the retention rule lock configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lock_configuration))
- `resource_tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the resource tags used to identify resources that are retained by the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_tags))
- `status` (String) The state of the retention rule. Only retention rules that are in the available state retain resources.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Information about the tags assigned to the retention rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Rule Arn is unique for each rule.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `identifier` (String) The unique ID of the retention rule.
- `lock_state` (String) The lock state for the retention rule.

<a id="nestedatt--retention_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_period`

Required:

- `retention_period_unit` (String) The retention period unit of the rule
- `retention_period_value` (Number) The retention period value of the rule.


<a id="nestedatt--exclude_resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude_resource_tags`

Optional:

- `resource_tag_key` (String) The tag key of the resource.
- `resource_tag_value` (String) The tag value of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--lock_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lock_configuration`

Optional:

- `unlock_delay_unit` (String) The unit of time in which to measure the unlock delay. Currently, the unlock delay can be measure only in days.
- `unlock_delay_value` (Number) The unlock delay period, measured in the unit specified for UnlockDelayUnit.


<a id="nestedatt--resource_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_tags`

Optional:

- `resource_tag_key` (String) The tag key of the resource.
- `resource_tag_value` (String) The tag value of the resource


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A unique identifier for the tag.
- `value` (String) String which you can use to describe or define the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rbin_rule.example "arn"
```
