
---
page_title: "awscc_rds_global_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::RDS::GlobalCluster
---

# awscc_rds_global_cluster (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::RDS::GlobalCluster

## Example Usage

### Aurora MySQL Global Cluster Configuration

Creates an encrypted Aurora MySQL Global Cluster with MySQL 5.7 compatibility, enabling cross-region database deployments with the specified configuration settings.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example Global Cluster
resource "awscc_rds_global_cluster" "example" {
  global_cluster_identifier = "global-cluster-example"
  engine                    = "aurora-mysql"
  engine_version            = "5.7.mysql_aurora.2.11.2"
  deletion_protection       = false
  storage_encrypted         = true

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) The deletion protection setting for the new global database. The global database can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled.
- `engine` (String) The name of the database engine to be used for this DB cluster. Valid Values: aurora (for MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora), aurora-mysql (for MySQL 5.7-compatible Aurora).
If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `engine_lifecycle_support` (String) The life cycle type of the global cluster. You can use this setting to enroll your global cluster into Amazon RDS Extended Support.
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the database engine to use. If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier of the new global database cluster. This parameter is stored as a lowercase string.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use as the primary cluster of the global database. This parameter is optional. This parameter is stored as a lowercase string.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) The storage encryption setting for the new global database cluster.
If you specify the SourceDBClusterIdentifier property, don't specify this property. The value is inherited from the cluster.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `global_endpoint` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--global_endpoint))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--global_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The writer endpoint for the global database cluster. This endpoint always points to the writer DB instance in the current primary cluster.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rds_global_cluster.example "global_cluster_identifier"
```
