---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_rds_db_proxy_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::RDS::DBProxyEndpoint.
---

# awscc_rds_db_proxy_endpoint (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::RDS::DBProxyEndpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_proxy_endpoint_name` (String) The identifier for the DB proxy endpoint. This name must be unique for all DB proxy endpoints owned by your AWS account in the specified AWS Region.
- `db_proxy_name` (String) The identifier for the proxy. This name must be unique for all proxies owned by your AWS account in the specified AWS Region.
- `vpc_subnet_ids` (List of String) VPC subnet IDs to associate with the new DB proxy endpoint.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) An optional set of key-value pairs to associate arbitrary data of your choosing with the DB proxy endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `target_role` (String) A value that indicates whether the DB proxy endpoint can be used for read/write or read-only operations.
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (List of String) VPC security group IDs to associate with the new DB proxy endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `db_proxy_endpoint_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the DB proxy endpoint.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint that you can use to connect to the DB proxy. You include the endpoint value in the connection string for a database client application.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) A value that indicates whether this endpoint is the default endpoint for the associated DB proxy. Default DB proxy endpoints always have read/write capability. Other endpoints that you associate with the DB proxy can be either read/write or read-only.
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to associate with the new DB proxy endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_rds_db_proxy_endpoint.example
  id = "db_proxy_endpoint_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rds_db_proxy_endpoint.example "db_proxy_endpoint_name"
```
