---
page_title: "awscc_rds_db_parameter_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::RDS::DBParameterGroup resource creates a custom parameter group for an RDS database family.
  This type can be declared in a template and referenced in the DBParameterGroupName property of an AWS::RDS::DBInstance resource.
  For information about configuring parameters for Amazon RDS DB instances, see Working with parameter groups https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html in the Amazon RDS User Guide.
  For information about configuring parameters for Amazon Aurora DB instances, see Working with parameter groups https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.
  Applying a parameter group to a DB instance may require the DB instance to reboot, resulting in a database outage for the duration of the reboot.
---

# awscc_rds_db_parameter_group (Resource)

The ``AWS::RDS::DBParameterGroup`` resource creates a custom parameter group for an RDS database family.
 This type can be declared in a template and referenced in the ``DBParameterGroupName`` property of an ``AWS::RDS::DBInstance`` resource.
 For information about configuring parameters for Amazon RDS DB instances, see [Working with parameter groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html) in the *Amazon RDS User Guide*.
 For information about configuring parameters for Amazon Aurora DB instances, see [Working with parameter groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html) in the *Amazon Aurora User Guide*.
  Applying a parameter group to a DB instance may require the DB instance to reboot, resulting in a database outage for the duration of the reboot.

## Example Usage

### Basic example
To create a simple db parameter group
```terraform
resource "awscc_rds_db_parameter_group" "this" {
  description = "rds sample db parameter group"
  family      = "mysql5.6"

  parameters = {
    "character_set_server" = "utf8"
    "character_set_client" = "utf8"
  }
}
```

### Example with tags
To create a db parameter group with tags
```terraform
resource "awscc_rds_db_parameter_group" "this" {
  description = "rds sample db parameter group"
  family      = "mysql5.6"

  parameters = {
    "character_set_server" = "utf8"
    "character_set_client" = "utf8"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "this"
  }]
}
```

### Example with `create_before_destroy` Lifecycle Configuration.
To create a db parameter group with `create_before_destroy` Lifecycle Configuration example
```terraform
resource "awscc_rds_db_parameter_group" "this" {
  description = "rds sample db parameter group"
  family      = "mysql5.7"

  parameters = {
    "character_set_server" = "utf8"
    "character_set_client" = "utf8"
  }

  lifecycle {
    create_before_destroy = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Provides the customer-specified description for this DB parameter group.
- `family` (String) The DB parameter group family name. A DB parameter group can be associated with one and only one DB parameter group family, and can be applied only to a DB instance running a database engine and engine version compatible with that DB parameter group family.
 To list all of the available parameter group families for a DB engine, use the following command:
  ``aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query "DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily" --engine <engine>`` 
 For example, to list all of the available parameter group families for the MySQL DB engine, use the following command:
  ``aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --query "DBEngineVersions[].DBParameterGroupFamily" --engine mysql`` 
  The output contains duplicates.
  The following are the valid DB engine values:
  +   ``aurora-mysql`` 
  +   ``aurora-postgresql`` 
  +   ``db2-ae`` 
  +   ``db2-se`` 
  +   ``mysql`` 
  +   ``oracle-ee`` 
  +   ``oracle-ee-cdb`` 
  +   ``oracle-se2`` 
  +   ``oracle-se2-cdb`` 
  +   ``postgres`` 
  +   ``sqlserver-ee`` 
  +   ``sqlserver-se`` 
  +   ``sqlserver-ex`` 
  +   ``sqlserver-web``

### Optional

- `db_parameter_group_name` (String) The name of the DB parameter group.
 Constraints:
  +  Must be 1 to 255 letters, numbers, or hyphens.
  +  First character must be a letter
  +  Can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens
  
 If you don't specify a value for ``DBParameterGroupName`` property, a name is automatically created for the DB parameter group.
  This value is stored as a lowercase string.
- `parameters` (String) A mapping of parameter names and values for the parameter update. You must specify at least one parameter name and value.
 For more information about parameter groups, see [Working with parameter groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html) in the *Amazon RDS User Guide*, or [Working with parameter groups](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.html) in the *Amazon Aurora User Guide*.
   AWS CloudFormation doesn't support specifying an apply method for each individual parameter. The default apply method for each parameter is used.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to assign to the DB parameter group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key is the required name of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").
- `value` (String) A value is the optional value of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rds_db_parameter_group.example "db_parameter_group_name"
```
