---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_rds_event_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::RDS::EventSubscription resource allows you to receive notifications for Amazon Relational Database Service events through the Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). For more information, see Using Amazon RDS Event Notification https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.html in the Amazon RDS User Guide.
---

# awscc_rds_event_subscription (Resource)

The ``AWS::RDS::EventSubscription`` resource allows you to receive notifications for Amazon Relational Database Service events through the Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). For more information, see [Using Amazon RDS Event Notification](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.html) in the *Amazon RDS User Guide*.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `sns_topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic created for event notification. SNS automatically creates the ARN when you create a topic and subscribe to it.
  RDS doesn't support FIFO (first in, first out) topics. For more information, see [Message ordering and deduplication (FIFO topics)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-fifo-topics.html) in the *Amazon Simple Notification Service Developer Guide*.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether to activate the subscription. If the event notification subscription isn't activated, the subscription is created but not active.
- `event_categories` (List of String) A list of event categories for a particular source type (``SourceType``) that you want to subscribe to. You can see a list of the categories for a given source type in the "Amazon RDS event categories and event messages" section of the [Amazon RDS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.Messages.html) or the [Amazon Aurora User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_Events.Messages.html). You can also see this list by using the ``DescribeEventCategories`` operation.
- `source_ids` (Set of String) The list of identifiers of the event sources for which events are returned. If not specified, then all sources are included in the response. An identifier must begin with a letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens. It can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.
 Constraints:
  +  If ``SourceIds`` are supplied, ``SourceType`` must also be provided.
  +  If the source type is a DB instance, a ``DBInstanceIdentifier`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is a DB cluster, a ``DBClusterIdentifier`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is a DB parameter group, a ``DBParameterGroupName`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is a DB security group, a ``DBSecurityGroupName`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is a DB snapshot, a ``DBSnapshotIdentifier`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is a DB cluster snapshot, a ``DBClusterSnapshotIdentifier`` value must be supplied.
  +  If the source type is an RDS Proxy, a ``DBProxyName`` value must be supplied.
- `source_type` (String) The type of source that is generating the events. For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a DB instance, you set this parameter to ``db-instance``. For RDS Proxy events, specify ``db-proxy``. If this value isn't specified, all events are returned.
 Valid Values:``db-instance | db-cluster | db-parameter-group | db-security-group | db-snapshot | db-cluster-snapshot | db-proxy | zero-etl | custom-engine-version | blue-green-deployment``
- `subscription_name` (String) The name of the subscription.
 Constraints: The name must be less than 255 characters.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An optional array of key-value pairs to apply to this subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key is the required name of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").
- `value` (String) A value is the optional value of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_rds_event_subscription.example
  id = "subscription_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rds_event_subscription.example "subscription_name"
```
