---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_rds_integration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A zero-ETL integration with Amazon Redshift.
---

# awscc_rds_integration (Resource)

A zero-ETL integration with Amazon Redshift.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the database to use as the source for replication.
- `target_arn` (String) The ARN of the Redshift data warehouse to use as the target for replication.

### Optional

- `additional_encryption_context` (Map of String) An optional set of non-secret key?value pairs that contains additional contextual information about the data. For more information, see [Encryption context](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#encrypt_context) in the *Key Management Service Developer Guide*.
 You can only include this parameter if you specify the ``KMSKeyId`` parameter.
- `data_filter` (String) Data filters for the integration. These filters determine which tables from the source database are sent to the target Amazon Redshift data warehouse.
- `description` (String) A description of the integration.
- `integration_name` (String) The name of the integration.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The AWS Key Management System (AWS KMS) key identifier for the key to use to encrypt the integration. If you don't specify an encryption key, RDS uses a default AWS owned key.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) A list of tags. For more information, see [Tagging Amazon RDS Resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Tagging.html) in the *Amazon RDS User Guide.*. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `integration_arn` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) A key is the required name of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").
- `value` (String) A value is the optional value of the tag. The string value can be from 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and can't be prefixed with ``aws:`` or ``rds:``. The string can only contain only the set of Unicode letters, digits, white-space, '_', '.', ':', '/', '=', '+', '-', '@' (Java regex: "^([\\p{L}\\p{Z}\\p{N}_.:/=+\\-@]*)$").

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_rds_integration.example
  id = "integration_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_rds_integration.example "integration_arn"
```
