---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_redshift_endpoint_authorization Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Describes an endpoint authorization for authorizing Redshift-managed VPC endpoint access to a cluster across AWS accounts.
---

# awscc_redshift_endpoint_authorization (Resource)

Describes an endpoint authorization for authorizing Redshift-managed VPC endpoint access to a cluster across AWS accounts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The target AWS account ID to grant or revoke access for.
- `cluster_identifier` (String) The cluster identifier.

### Optional

- `force` (Boolean) Indicates whether to force the revoke action. If true, the Redshift-managed VPC endpoints associated with the endpoint authorization are also deleted.
- `vpc_ids` (List of String) The virtual private cloud (VPC) identifiers to grant or revoke access to.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_all_vp_cs` (Boolean) Indicates whether all VPCs in the grantee account are allowed access to the cluster.
- `allowed_vp_cs` (List of String) The VPCs allowed access to the cluster.
- `authorize_time` (String) The time (UTC) when the authorization was created.
- `cluster_status` (String) The status of the cluster.
- `endpoint_count` (Number) The number of Redshift-managed VPC endpoints created for the authorization.
- `grantee` (String) The AWS account ID of the grantee of the cluster.
- `grantor` (String) The AWS account ID of the cluster owner.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the authorization action.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_redshift_endpoint_authorization.example
  id = "cluster_identifier|account"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_redshift_endpoint_authorization.example "cluster_identifier|account"
```
