
---
page_title: "awscc_redshiftserverless_workgroup Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::RedshiftServerless::Workgroup Resource Type
---

# awscc_redshiftserverless_workgroup (Resource)

Definition of AWS::RedshiftServerless::Workgroup Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Configure Redshift Serverless Workgroup

To create a Redshift Serverless workgroup with 32 base capacity units and user activity logging enabled, configure it within an existing namespace with private access settings.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create namespace
resource "awscc_redshiftserverless_namespace" "example" {
  namespace_name = "example-namespace"
  db_name        = "exampledb"

  admin_username      = "admin"
  admin_user_password = "Admin123!"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create workgroup
resource "awscc_redshiftserverless_workgroup" "example" {
  workgroup_name      = "example-workgroup"
  namespace_name      = awscc_redshiftserverless_namespace.example.namespace_name
  base_capacity       = 32
  publicly_accessible = false

  config_parameters = [{
    parameter_key   = "enable_user_activity_logging"
    parameter_value = "true"
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workgroup_name` (String) The name of the workgroup.

### Optional

- `base_capacity` (Number) The base compute capacity of the workgroup in Redshift Processing Units (RPUs).
- `config_parameters` (Attributes Set) A list of parameters to set for finer control over a database. Available options are datestyle, enable_user_activity_logging, query_group, search_path, max_query_execution_time, and require_ssl. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_parameters))
- `enhanced_vpc_routing` (Boolean) The value that specifies whether to enable enhanced virtual private cloud (VPC) routing, which forces Amazon Redshift Serverless to route traffic through your VPC.
- `max_capacity` (Number) The max compute capacity of the workgroup in Redshift Processing Units (RPUs).
- `namespace_name` (String) The namespace the workgroup is associated with.
- `port` (Number) The custom port to use when connecting to a workgroup. Valid port ranges are 5431-5455 and 8191-8215. The default is 5439.
- `price_performance_target` (Attributes) A property that represents the price performance target settings for the workgroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--price_performance_target))
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) A value that specifies whether the workgroup can be accessible from a public network.
- `recovery_point_id` (String) The recovery point id to restore from.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of security group IDs to associate with the workgroup.
- `snapshot_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the snapshot to restore from.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The snapshot name to restore from.
- `snapshot_owner_account` (String) The Amazon Web Services account that owns the snapshot.
- `subnet_ids` (List of String) A list of subnet IDs the workgroup is associated with.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The map of the key-value pairs used to tag the workgroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `track_name` (String)
- `workgroup` (Attributes) Definition for workgroup resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_parameters`

Optional:

- `parameter_key` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--price_performance_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `price_performance_target`

Optional:

- `level` (Number)
- `status` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--workgroup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup`

Optional:

- `config_parameters` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup--config_parameters))
- `endpoint` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint))
- `price_performance_target` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup--price_performance_target))

Read-Only:

- `base_capacity` (Number)
- `creation_date` (String)
- `enhanced_vpc_routing` (Boolean)
- `max_capacity` (Number)
- `namespace_name` (String)
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean)
- `security_group_ids` (List of String)
- `status` (String)
- `subnet_ids` (List of String)
- `track_name` (String)
- `workgroup_arn` (String)
- `workgroup_id` (String)
- `workgroup_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--workgroup--config_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup.config_parameters`

Optional:

- `parameter_key` (String)
- `parameter_value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup.endpoint`

Optional:

- `vpc_endpoints` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint--vpc_endpoints))

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `port` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint--vpc_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup.endpoint.vpc_endpoints`

Optional:

- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint--vpc_endpoints--network_interfaces))
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--workgroup--endpoint--vpc_endpoints--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup.endpoint.vpc_endpoints.network_interfaces`

Optional:

- `availability_zone` (String)
- `network_interface_id` (String)
- `private_ip_address` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--workgroup--price_performance_target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workgroup.price_performance_target`

Optional:

- `level` (Number)
- `status` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_redshiftserverless_workgroup.example "workgroup_name"
```
