
---
page_title: "awscc_redshift_cluster_parameter_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Redshift::ClusterParameterGroup
---

# awscc_redshift_cluster_parameter_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Redshift::ClusterParameterGroup

## Example Usage

### Secure Redshift Parameter Group Configuration

Creates a Redshift cluster parameter group that enforces SSL connections and enables user activity logging for enhanced security and audit capabilities.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Redshift cluster parameter group
resource "awscc_redshift_cluster_parameter_group" "example" {
  parameter_group_name   = "example-paramgroup"
  parameter_group_family = "redshift-1.0"
  description            = "Example Redshift cluster parameter group"

  parameters = [
    {
      parameter_name  = "enable_user_activity_logging"
      parameter_value = "true"
    },
    {
      parameter_name  = "require_ssl"
      parameter_value = "true"
    }
  ]

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "Test"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) A description of the parameter group.
- `parameter_group_family` (String) The Amazon Redshift engine version to which the cluster parameter group applies. The cluster engine version determines the set of parameters.

### Optional

- `parameter_group_name` (String) The name of the cluster parameter group.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) An array of parameters to be modified. A maximum of 20 parameters can be modified in a single request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `parameter_name` (String) The name of the parameter.
- `parameter_value` (String) The value of the parameter. If `ParameterName` is `wlm_json_configuration`, then the maximum size of `ParameterValue` is 8000 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_redshift_cluster_parameter_group.example
  id = "parameter_group_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_redshift_cluster_parameter_group.example "parameter_group_name"
```
