---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_redshift_endpoint_access Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for a Redshift-managed VPC endpoint.
---

# awscc_redshift_endpoint_access (Resource)

Resource schema for a Redshift-managed VPC endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_identifier` (String) A unique identifier for the cluster. You use this identifier to refer to the cluster for any subsequent cluster operations such as deleting or modifying. All alphabetical characters must be lower case, no hypens at the end, no two consecutive hyphens. Cluster name should be unique for all clusters within an AWS account
- `endpoint_name` (String) The name of the endpoint.
- `subnet_group_name` (String) The subnet group name where Amazon Redshift chooses to deploy the endpoint.
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of vpc security group ids to apply to the created endpoint access.

### Optional

- `resource_owner` (String) The AWS account ID of the owner of the cluster.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The DNS address of the endpoint.
- `endpoint_create_time` (String) The time (UTC) that the endpoint was created.
- `endpoint_status` (String) The status of the endpoint.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `port` (Number) The port number on which the cluster accepts incoming connections.
- `vpc_endpoint` (Attributes) The connection endpoint for connecting to an Amazon Redshift cluster through the proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_endpoint))
- `vpc_security_groups` (Attributes List) A list of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) security groups to be associated with the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_security_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `network_interfaces` (Attributes List) One or more network interfaces of the endpoint. Also known as an interface endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_endpoint--network_interfaces))
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) The connection endpoint ID for connecting an Amazon Redshift cluster through the proxy.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC identifier that the endpoint is associated.

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_endpoint--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_endpoint.network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The network interface identifier.
- `private_ip_address` (String) The IPv4 address of the network interface within the subnet.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet identifier.



<a id="nestedatt--vpc_security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_security_groups`

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) The status of the VPC security group.
- `vpc_security_group_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC security group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_redshift_endpoint_access.example
  id = "endpoint_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_redshift_endpoint_access.example "endpoint_name"
```
