
---
page_title: "awscc_redshift_event_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::Redshift::EventSubscription resource creates an Amazon Redshift Event Subscription.
---

# awscc_redshift_event_subscription (Resource)

The `AWS::Redshift::EventSubscription` resource creates an Amazon Redshift Event Subscription.

## Example Usage

### Redshift Event Monitoring Configuration

Creates a Redshift event subscription that monitors cluster events at INFO severity level and publishes them to an SNS topic with appropriate IAM permissions.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# IAM policy for SNS topic
data "aws_iam_policy_document" "redshift_sns" {
  statement {
    actions = ["sns:Publish"]
    effect  = "Allow"
    principals {
      type = "Service"
      identifiers = [
        "redshift.amazonaws.com"
      ]
    }
    resources = [awscc_sns_topic.redshift_events.topic_arn]
  }
}

# SNS topic for event subscription
resource "awscc_sns_topic" "redshift_events" {
  topic_name = "redshift-events"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

resource "aws_sns_topic_policy" "redshift_events" {
  arn    = awscc_sns_topic.redshift_events.topic_arn
  policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.redshift_sns.json
}

# Redshift event subscription
resource "awscc_redshift_event_subscription" "example" {
  subscription_name = "redshift-event-sub"
  sns_topic_arn     = awscc_sns_topic.redshift_events.topic_arn
  enabled           = true
  severity          = "INFO"
  source_type       = "cluster"
  event_categories  = ["monitoring"]
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subscription_name` (String) The name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean value; set to true to activate the subscription, and set to false to create the subscription but not activate it.
- `event_categories` (Set of String) Specifies the Amazon Redshift event categories to be published by the event notification subscription.
- `severity` (String) Specifies the Amazon Redshift event severity to be published by the event notification subscription.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic used to transmit the event notifications.
- `source_ids` (List of String) A list of one or more identifiers of Amazon Redshift source objects.
- `source_type` (String) The type of source that will be generating the events.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `cust_subscription_id` (String) The name of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `customer_aws_id` (String) The AWS account associated with the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `event_categories_list` (Set of String) The list of Amazon Redshift event categories specified in the event notification subscription.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `source_ids_list` (List of String) A list of the sources that publish events to the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `status` (String) The status of the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription.
- `subscription_creation_time` (String) The date and time the Amazon Redshift event notification subscription was created.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_redshift_event_subscription.example "subscription_name"
```
