---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a resilience policy that defines availability and disaster recovery requirements.
---

# awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy (Resource)

Creates a resilience policy that defines availability and disaster recovery requirements.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the policy.

### Optional

- `availability_slo` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--availability_slo))
- `data_recovery` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_recovery))
- `description` (String) The description of the policy.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The KMS key ID for encrypting policy data.
- `multi_az` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_az))
- `multi_region` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_region))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags assigned to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `associated_service_count` (Number) The number of services associated with this policy.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `policy_arn` (String) The ARN of the policy.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the policy was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--availability_slo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `availability_slo`

Optional:

- `target` (Number) Availability target percentage.


<a id="nestedatt--data_recovery"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_recovery`

Optional:

- `time_between_backups_in_minutes` (Number) Time between backups in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--multi_az"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_az`

Optional:

- `disaster_recovery_approach` (String) Multi-AZ disaster recovery approach.
- `rpo_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Point Objective in minutes.
- `rto_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Time Objective in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--multi_region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_region`

Optional:

- `disaster_recovery_approach` (String) Multi-Region disaster recovery approach.
- `rpo_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Point Objective in minutes.
- `rto_in_minutes` (Number) Recovery Time Objective in minutes.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy.example
  identity = {
    policy_arn = "policy_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `policy_arn` (String) The ARN of the policy

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy.example
  id = "policy_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_resiliencehubv2_policy.example "policy_arn"
```
