---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_resiliencehub_app Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type Definition for AWS::ResilienceHub::App.
---

# awscc_resiliencehub_app (Resource)

Resource Type Definition for AWS::ResilienceHub::App.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_template_body` (String) A string containing full ResilienceHub app template body.
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `resource_mappings` (Attributes List) An array of ResourceMapping objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_mappings))

### Optional

- `app_assessment_schedule` (String) Assessment execution schedule.
- `description` (String) App description.
- `event_subscriptions` (Attributes List) The list of events you would like to subscribe and get notification for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_subscriptions))
- `permission_model` (Attributes) Defines the roles and credentials that AWS Resilience Hub would use while creating the application, importing its resources, and running an assessment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permission_model))
- `resiliency_policy_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Resiliency Policy.
- `tags` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `app_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the App.
- `drift_status` (String) Indicates if compliance drifts (deviations) were detected while running an assessment for your application.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--resource_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_mappings`

Required:

- `mapping_type` (String)
- `physical_resource_id` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_mappings--physical_resource_id))

Optional:

- `eks_source_name` (String)
- `logical_stack_name` (String)
- `resource_name` (String)
- `terraform_source_name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--resource_mappings--physical_resource_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_mappings.physical_resource_id`

Required:

- `identifier` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `aws_region` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--event_subscriptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_subscriptions`

Optional:

- `event_type` (String) The type of event you would like to subscribe and get notification for.
- `name` (String) Unique name to identify an event subscription.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Simple Notification Service topic.


<a id="nestedatt--permission_model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permission_model`

Optional:

- `cross_account_role_arns` (List of String) Defines a list of role Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) to be used in other accounts. These ARNs are used for querying purposes while importing resources and assessing your application.
- `invoker_role_name` (String) Existing AWS IAM role name in the primary AWS account that will be assumed by AWS Resilience Hub Service Principle to obtain a read-only access to your application resources while running an assessment.
- `type` (String) Defines how AWS Resilience Hub scans your resources. It can scan for the resources by using a pre-existing role in your AWS account, or by using the credentials of the current IAM user.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_resiliencehub_app.example
  id = "app_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_resiliencehub_app.example "app_arn"
```
