---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_resourcegroups_tag_sync_task Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for ResourceGroups::TagSyncTask
---

# awscc_resourcegroups_tag_sync_task (Resource)

Schema for ResourceGroups::TagSyncTask



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) or name of the application group for which you want to create a tag-sync task
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the role assumed by the service to tag and untag resources on your behalf.
- `tag_key` (String) The tag key. Resources tagged with this tag key-value pair will be added to the application. If a resource with this tag is later untagged, the tag-sync task removes the resource from the application.
- `tag_value` (String) The tag value. Resources tagged with this tag key-value pair will be added to the application. If a resource with this tag is later untagged, the tag-sync task removes the resource from the application.

### Read-Only

- `group_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) of the ApplicationGroup for which the TagSyncTask is created
- `group_name` (String) The Name of the application group for which the TagSyncTask is created
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the TagSyncTask
- `task_arn` (String) The ARN of the TagSyncTask resource

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_resourcegroups_tag_sync_task.example "task_arn"
```
