---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_robomaker_robot_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This schema is for testing purpose only.
---

# awscc_robomaker_robot_application (Resource)

This schema is for testing purpose only.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `robot_software_suite` (Attributes) The robot software suite used by the robot application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--robot_software_suite))

### Optional

- `current_revision_id` (String) The revision ID of robot application.
- `environment` (String) The URI of the Docker image for the robot application.
- `name` (String) The name of the robot application.
- `sources` (Attributes List) The sources of the robot application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources))
- `tags` (Map of String) A key-value pair to associate with a resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--robot_software_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `robot_software_suite`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of robot software suite.

Optional:

- `version` (String) The version of robot software suite.


<a id="nestedatt--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) The architecture of robot application.
- `s3_bucket` (String) The Arn of the S3Bucket that stores the robot application source.
- `s3_key` (String) The s3 key of robot application source.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_robomaker_robot_application.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_robomaker_robot_application.example "arn"
```
