---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_robomaker_simulation_application Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS::RoboMaker::SimulationApplication resource creates an AWS RoboMaker SimulationApplication. Simulation application can be used in AWS RoboMaker Simulation Jobs.
---

# awscc_robomaker_simulation_application (Resource)

AWS::RoboMaker::SimulationApplication resource creates an AWS RoboMaker SimulationApplication. Simulation application can be used in AWS RoboMaker Simulation Jobs.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `robot_software_suite` (Attributes) The robot software suite used by the simulation application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--robot_software_suite))
- `simulation_software_suite` (Attributes) The simulation software suite used by the simulation application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--simulation_software_suite))

### Optional

- `current_revision_id` (String) The current revision id.
- `environment` (String) The URI of the Docker image for the robot application.
- `name` (String) The name of the simulation application.
- `rendering_engine` (Attributes) The rendering engine for the simulation application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rendering_engine))
- `sources` (Attributes List) The sources of the simulation application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources))
- `tags` (Map of String) A key-value pair to associate with a resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--robot_software_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `robot_software_suite`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the robot software suite.
- `version` (String) The version of the robot software suite.


<a id="nestedatt--simulation_software_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `simulation_software_suite`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the simulation software suite.
- `version` (String) The version of the simulation software suite.


<a id="nestedatt--rendering_engine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rendering_engine`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the rendering engine.
- `version` (String) The version of the rendering engine.


<a id="nestedatt--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) The target processor architecture for the application.
- `s3_bucket` (String) The Amazon S3 bucket name.
- `s3_key` (String) The s3 object key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_robomaker_simulation_application.example <resource ID>
```
