
---
page_title: "awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::FirewallRuleGroup.
---

# awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::FirewallRuleGroup.

## Example Usage

### DNS Firewall Rule Group with Domain List

Creates a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group with an ALLOW rule for specified domains using a domain list that includes 'example.com' and '*.example.org'.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a domain list first since it's required for the rules
resource "awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list" "example" {
  name = "example-domain-list"
  domains = [
    "example.com",
    "*.example.org"
  ]
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the firewall rule group
resource "awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group" "example" {
  name = "example-rule-group"

  firewall_rules = [
    {
      name                    = "example-rule"
      action                  = "ALLOW"
      firewall_domain_list_id = awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list.example.id
      priority                = 100
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `firewall_rules` (Attributes Set) FirewallRules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules))
- `name` (String) FirewallRuleGroupName
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Arn
- `creation_time` (String) Rfc3339TimeString
- `creator_request_id` (String) The id of the creator request.
- `firewall_rule_group_id` (String) ResourceId
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modification_time` (String) Rfc3339TimeString
- `owner_id` (String) AccountId
- `rule_count` (Number) Count
- `share_status` (String) ShareStatus, possible values are NOT_SHARED, SHARED_WITH_ME, SHARED_BY_ME.
- `status` (String) ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation, possible values are COMPLETE, DELETING, UPDATING, and INACTIVE_OWNER_ACCOUNT_CLOSED.
- `status_message` (String) FirewallRuleGroupStatus

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Rule Action
- `block_override_dns_type` (String) BlockOverrideDnsType
- `block_override_domain` (String) BlockOverrideDomain
- `block_override_ttl` (Number) BlockOverrideTtl
- `block_response` (String) BlockResponse
- `confidence_threshold` (String) ConfidenceThreshold
- `dns_threat_protection` (String) DnsThreatProtection
- `firewall_domain_list_id` (String) ResourceId
- `firewall_domain_redirection_action` (String) FirewallDomainRedirectionAction
- `firewall_rule_type` (Attributes) Advanced firewall rule type. Mutually exclusive with FirewallDomainListId and DnsThreatProtection/ConfidenceThreshold. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type))
- `firewall_threat_protection_id` (String) ResourceId
- `priority` (Number) Rule Priority
- `qtype` (String) Qtype
- `status` (String) The status of the firewall rule.

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules.firewall_rule_type`

Optional:

- `firewall_advanced_content_category` (Attributes) Configuration for an advanced content category rule type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--firewall_advanced_content_category))
- `firewall_advanced_threat_category` (Attributes) Configuration for an advanced threat category rule type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--firewall_advanced_threat_category))
- `partner_threat_protection` (Attributes) Configuration for a partner threat protection rule type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--partner_threat_protection))

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--firewall_advanced_content_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules.firewall_rule_type.firewall_advanced_content_category`

Optional:

- `category` (String) The content category value.


<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--firewall_advanced_threat_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules.firewall_rule_type.firewall_advanced_threat_category`

Optional:

- `category` (String) The threat category value.


<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules--firewall_rule_type--partner_threat_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules.firewall_rule_type.partner_threat_protection`

Optional:

- `partner` (String) The partner identifier value.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) ResourceId

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53resolver_firewall_rule_group.example "id"
```
