---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_route53profiles_profile_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Route53Profiles::ProfileAssociation
---

# awscc_route53profiles_profile_association (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Route53Profiles::ProfileAssociation



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of an association between a  Profile and a VPC.
- `profile_id` (String) The ID of the  profile that you associated with the resource that is specified by ResourceId.
- `resource_id` (String) The resource that you associated the  profile with.

### Optional

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the profile association.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `profile_association_id` (String) Primary Identifier for  Profile Association

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53profiles_profile_association.example "id"
```
