
---
page_title: "awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::FirewallDomainList.
---

# awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::FirewallDomainList.

## Example Usage

### Route53 Resolver DNS Firewall Domain List

Creates a DNS Firewall domain list resource that allows you to specify a list of domains for DNS filtering with Route53 Resolver DNS Firewall.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create the Route53 Resolver Firewall Domain List
resource "awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list" "example" {
  name = "example-domain-list"

  # Example of inline domain list
  domains = [
    "example.com",
    "example.org"
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain_file_url` (String) S3 URL to import domains from.
- `domains` (List of String) An inline list of domains to use for this domain list.
- `name` (String) FirewallDomainListName
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Arn
- `creation_time` (String) Rfc3339TimeString
- `creator_request_id` (String) The id of the creator request.
- `domain_count` (Number) Count
- `firewall_domain_list_id` (String) ResourceId
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `managed_owner_name` (String) ServicePrincipal
- `modification_time` (String) Rfc3339TimeString
- `status` (String) ResolverFirewallDomainList, possible values are COMPLETE, DELETING, UPDATING, COMPLETE_IMPORT_FAILED, IMPORTING, and INACTIVE_OWNER_ACCOUNT_CLOSED.
- `status_message` (String) FirewallDomainListAssociationStatus

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53resolver_firewall_domain_list.example "id"
```
