
---
page_title: "awscc_route53resolver_resolver_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::Route53Resolver::ResolverEndpoint
---

# awscc_route53resolver_resolver_endpoint (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::Route53Resolver::ResolverEndpoint

## Example Usage

### Route 53 Resolver Inbound Endpoint

To create an inbound Route 53 Resolver endpoint in a new VPC with two availability zones and appropriate security groups for DNS traffic (TCP/UDP port 53).

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Create VPC and Subnets for the resolver endpoint
resource "awscc_ec2_vpc" "main" {
  cidr_block           = "10.0.0.0/16"
  enable_dns_support   = true
  enable_dns_hostnames = true

  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "resolver-endpoint-vpc"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_ec2_subnet" "subnet1" {
  vpc_id            = awscc_ec2_vpc.main.id
  cidr_block        = "10.0.1.0/24"
  availability_zone = "${data.aws_region.current.name}a"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "resolver-endpoint-subnet1"
  }]
}

resource "awscc_ec2_subnet" "subnet2" {
  vpc_id            = awscc_ec2_vpc.main.id
  cidr_block        = "10.0.2.0/24"
  availability_zone = "${data.aws_region.current.name}b"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "resolver-endpoint-subnet2"
  }]
}

# Security Group for Resolver Endpoint
resource "awscc_ec2_security_group" "resolver" {
  group_description = "Security group for Route 53 Resolver endpoint"
  vpc_id            = awscc_ec2_vpc.main.id

  security_group_ingress = [
    {
      ip_protocol = "tcp"
      from_port   = 53
      to_port     = 53
      cidr_ip     = "0.0.0.0/0"
    },
    {
      ip_protocol = "udp"
      from_port   = 53
      to_port     = 53
      cidr_ip     = "0.0.0.0/0"
    }
  ]

  security_group_egress = [
    {
      ip_protocol = "-1"
      from_port   = -1
      to_port     = -1
      cidr_ip     = "0.0.0.0/0"
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Name"
    value = "resolver-endpoint-sg"
  }]
}

# Route 53 Resolver Endpoint
resource "awscc_route53resolver_resolver_endpoint" "example" {
  name               = "example-resolver-endpoint"
  direction          = "INBOUND"
  security_group_ids = [awscc_ec2_security_group.resolver.id]

  ip_addresses = [
    {
      subnet_id = awscc_ec2_subnet.subnet1.id
    },
    {
      subnet_id = awscc_ec2_subnet.subnet2.id
    }
  ]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direction` (String) Indicates whether the Resolver endpoint allows inbound or outbound DNS queries:
- INBOUND: allows DNS queries to your VPC from your network 
- OUTBOUND: allows DNS queries from your VPC to your network 
- INBOUND_DELEGATION: allows DNS queries to your VPC from your network with authoritative answers from private hosted zones
- `ip_addresses` (Attributes List) The subnets and IP addresses in your VPC that DNS queries originate from (for outbound endpoints) or that you forward DNS queries to (for inbound endpoints). The subnet ID uniquely identifies a VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_addresses))
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) The ID of one or more security groups that control access to this VPC. The security group must include one or more inbound rules (for inbound endpoints) or outbound rules (for outbound endpoints). Inbound and outbound rules must allow TCP and UDP access. For inbound access, open port 53. For outbound access, open the port that you're using for DNS queries on your network.

### Optional

- `name` (String) A friendly name that lets you easily find a configuration in the Resolver dashboard in the Route 53 console.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the Outpost.
- `preferred_instance_type` (String) The Amazon EC2 instance type.
- `protocols` (List of String) Protocols used for the endpoint. DoH-FIPS is applicable for inbound endpoints only.
- `resolver_endpoint_type` (String) The Resolver endpoint IP address type.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resolver endpoint, such as arn:aws:route53resolver:us-east-1:123456789012:resolver-endpoint/resolver-endpoint-a1bzhi.
- `host_vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC that you want to create the resolver endpoint in.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `ip_address_count` (String) The number of IP addresses that the resolver endpoint can use for DNS queries.
- `resolver_endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the resolver endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_addresses`

Required:

- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet that contains the IP address.

Optional:

- `ip` (String) The IPv4 address that you want to use for DNS queries.
- `ipv_6` (String) The IPv6 address that you want to use for DNS queries.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The name for the tag. For example, if you want to associate Resolver resources with the account IDs of your customers for billing purposes, the value of Key might be account-id.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. For example, if Key is account-id, then Value might be the ID of the customer account that you're creating the resource for.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53resolver_resolver_endpoint.example "resolver_endpoint_id"
```
