
---
page_title: "awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_cell Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The API Schema for AWS Route53 Recovery Readiness Cells.
---

# awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_cell (Resource)

The API Schema for AWS Route53 Recovery Readiness Cells.

## Example Usage

### Route53 Recovery Readiness Cell Creation

Creates a Route53 Recovery Readiness cell named "my-recovery-cell" which serves as a basic container for recovery group resources in AWS Route53 Application Recovery Controller.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a Route53 Recovery Readiness Cell
resource "awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_cell" "example" {
  cell_name = "my-recovery-cell"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cell_name` (String) The name of the cell to create.
- `cells` (List of String) A list of cell Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) contained within this cell, for use in nested cells. For example, Availability Zones within specific Regions.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `cell_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cell.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `parent_readiness_scopes` (List of String) The readiness scope for the cell, which can be a cell Amazon Resource Name (ARN) or a recovery group ARN. This is a list but currently can have only one element.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_cell.example
  id = "cell_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_cell.example "cell_name"
```
