---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_route53resolver_outpost_resolver Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::OutpostResolver.
---

# awscc_route53resolver_outpost_resolver (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Route53Resolver::OutpostResolver.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The OutpostResolver name.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Outpost ARN.
- `preferred_instance_type` (String) The OutpostResolver instance type.

### Optional

- `instance_count` (Number) The number of OutpostResolvers.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The OutpostResolver ARN.
- `creation_time` (String) The OutpostResolver creation time
- `creator_request_id` (String) The id of the creator request.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `modification_time` (String) The OutpostResolver last modified time
- `outpost_resolver_id` (String) Id
- `status` (String) The OutpostResolver status, possible values are CREATING, OPERATIONAL, UPDATING, DELETING, ACTION_NEEDED, FAILED_CREATION and FAILED_DELETION.
- `status_message` (String) The OutpostResolver status message.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53resolver_outpost_resolver.example "id"
```
