
---
page_title: "awscc_route53_health_check Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Route53::HealthCheck.
---

# awscc_route53_health_check (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Route53::HealthCheck.

## Example Usage

### HTTP Health Check Configuration

Creates a Route53 HTTP health check that monitors an endpoint (8.8.8.8:80) every 30 seconds with a failure threshold of 3 and latency measurement enabled.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a Route53 HTTP health check
resource "awscc_route53_health_check" "example" {
  health_check_config = {
    type              = "HTTP"
    ip_address        = "8.8.8.8" # Example IP address
    port              = 80
    request_interval  = 30
    failure_threshold = 3
    measure_latency   = true
    resource_path     = "/health"
  }

  health_check_tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Production"
    },
    {
      key   = "Modified By"
      value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `health_check_config` (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about the health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check_config))

### Optional

- `health_check_tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check_tags))

### Read-Only

- `health_check_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check_config`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `alarm_identifier` (Attributes) A complex type that identifies the CloudWatch alarm that you want Amazon Route 53 health checkers to use to determine whether the specified health check is healthy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check_config--alarm_identifier))
- `child_health_checks` (List of String)
- `enable_sni` (Boolean)
- `failure_threshold` (Number)
- `fully_qualified_domain_name` (String)
- `health_threshold` (Number)
- `insufficient_data_health_status` (String)
- `inverted` (Boolean)
- `ip_address` (String)
- `measure_latency` (Boolean)
- `port` (Number)
- `regions` (List of String)
- `request_interval` (Number)
- `resource_path` (String)
- `routing_control_arn` (String)
- `search_string` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--health_check_config--alarm_identifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check_config.alarm_identifier`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the CloudWatch alarm that you want Amazon Route 53 health checkers to use to determine whether this health check is healthy.
- `region` (String) For the CloudWatch alarm that you want Route 53 health checkers to use to determine whether this health check is healthy, the region that the alarm was created in.



<a id="nestedatt--health_check_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53_health_check.example "health_check_id"
```
