
---
page_title: "awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_resource_set Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for the AWS Route53 Recovery Readiness ResourceSet Resource and API.
---

# awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_resource_set (Resource)

Schema for the AWS Route53 Recovery Readiness ResourceSet Resource and API.

## Example Usage

### Route53 Recovery Readiness Resource Set for NLB

Creates a Route53 Recovery Readiness resource set for Network Load Balancer with readiness scopes linked to a recovery group, enabling disaster recovery readiness assessment for the specified NLB resources.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a recovery group first
resource "awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_recovery_group" "example" {
  recovery_group_name = "example-group"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Get current AWS region and account ID
data "aws_region" "current" {}
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Create a resource set for NLB
resource "awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_resource_set" "nlb_example" {
  resource_set_name = "nlb-resources"
  resource_set_type = "AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::LoadBalancer"

  resources = [{
    resource_arn = "arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:loadbalancer/app/example/1234567890"
    readiness_scopes = [
      awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_recovery_group.example.recovery_group_arn
    ]
  }]

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_set_type` (String) The resource type of the resources in the resource set. Enter one of the following values for resource type: 

AWS: :AutoScaling: :AutoScalingGroup, AWS: :CloudWatch: :Alarm, AWS: :EC2: :CustomerGateway, AWS: :DynamoDB: :Table, AWS: :EC2: :Volume, AWS: :ElasticLoadBalancing: :LoadBalancer, AWS: :ElasticLoadBalancingV2: :LoadBalancer, AWS: :MSK: :Cluster, AWS: :RDS: :DBCluster, AWS: :Route53: :HealthCheck, AWS: :SQS: :Queue, AWS: :SNS: :Topic, AWS: :SNS: :Subscription, AWS: :EC2: :VPC, AWS: :EC2: :VPNConnection, AWS: :EC2: :VPNGateway, AWS::Route53RecoveryReadiness::DNSTargetResource
- `resources` (Attributes List) A list of resource objects in the resource set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Optional

- `resource_set_name` (String) The name of the resource set to create.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A tag to associate with the parameters for a resource set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `resource_set_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the resource set.

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `component_id` (String) The component identifier of the resource, generated when DNS target resource is used.
- `dns_target_resource` (Attributes) A component for DNS/routing control readiness checks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource))
- `readiness_scopes` (List of String) A list of recovery group Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) and cell ARNs that this resource is contained within.
- `resource_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS resource.

<a id="nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.dns_target_resource`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name that acts as an ingress point to a portion of the customer application.
- `hosted_zone_arn` (String) The hosted zone Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that contains the DNS record with the provided name of the target resource.
- `record_set_id` (String) The Route 53 record set ID that will uniquely identify a DNS record, given a name and a type.
- `record_type` (String) The type of DNS record of the target resource.
- `target_resource` (Attributes) The target resource that the Route 53 record points to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.dns_target_resource.target_resource`

Optional:

- `nlb_resource` (Attributes) The Network Load Balancer resource that a DNS target resource points to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource--nlb_resource))
- `r53_resource` (Attributes) The Route 53 resource that a DNS target resource record points to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource--r53_resource))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource--nlb_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.dns_target_resource.target_resource.nlb_resource`

Optional:

- `arn` (String) A Network Load Balancer resource Amazon Resource Name (ARN).


<a id="nestedatt--resources--dns_target_resource--target_resource--r53_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.dns_target_resource.target_resource.r53_resource`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) The DNS target domain name.
- `record_set_id` (String) The Resource Record set id.





<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_resource_set.example
  id = "resource_set_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53recoveryreadiness_resource_set.example "resource_set_name"
```
