
---
page_title: "awscc_route53recoverycontrol_control_panel Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS Route53 Recovery Control Control Panel resource schema .
---

# awscc_route53recoverycontrol_control_panel (Resource)

AWS Route53 Recovery Control Control Panel resource schema .

## Example Usage

### Route 53 Application Recovery Control Panel

Creates a Route 53 Application Recovery Control Panel that is associated with a recovery control cluster, enabling you to manage routing control states for your application's recovery.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a cluster first as it's required for the control panel
resource "awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster" "example" {
  name = "example-cluster"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

# Create the control panel
resource "awscc_route53recoverycontrol_control_panel" "example" {
  name        = "example-control-panel"
  cluster_arn = awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster.example.cluster_arn

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the control panel. You can use any non-white space character in the name.

### Optional

- `cluster_arn` (String) Cluster to associate with the Control Panel
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `control_panel_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.
- `default_control_panel` (Boolean) A flag that Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller sets to true to designate the default control panel for a cluster. When you create a cluster, Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller creates a control panel, and sets this flag for that control panel. If you create a control panel yourself, this flag is set to false.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `routing_control_count` (Number) Count of associated routing controls
- `status` (String) The deployment status of control panel. Status can be one of the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53recoverycontrol_control_panel.example
  id = "control_panel_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53recoverycontrol_control_panel.example "control_panel_arn"
```
