---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_route53_hosted_zone Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::Route53::HostedZone.
---

# awscc_route53_hosted_zone (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::Route53::HostedZone.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **hosted_zone_config** (Attributes) A complex type that contains an optional comment.

If you don't want to specify a comment, omit the HostedZoneConfig and Comment elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosted_zone_config))
- **hosted_zone_tags** (Attributes Set) Adds, edits, or deletes tags for a health check or a hosted zone.

For information about using tags for cost allocation, see Using Cost Allocation Tags in the AWS Billing and Cost Management User Guide. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hosted_zone_tags))
- **name** (String) The name of the domain. Specify a fully qualified domain name, for example, www.example.com. The trailing dot is optional; Amazon Route 53 assumes that the domain name is fully qualified. This means that Route 53 treats www.example.com (without a trailing dot) and www.example.com. (with a trailing dot) as identical.

If you're creating a public hosted zone, this is the name you have registered with your DNS registrar. If your domain name is registered with a registrar other than Route 53, change the name servers for your domain to the set of NameServers that are returned by the Fn::GetAtt intrinsic function.
- **query_logging_config** (Attributes) A complex type that contains information about a configuration for DNS query logging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query_logging_config))
- **vp_cs** (Attributes Set) A complex type that contains information about the VPCs that are associated with the specified hosted zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vp_cs))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name_servers** (List of String)

<a id="nestedatt--hosted_zone_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosted_zone_config`

Optional:

- **comment** (String) Any comments that you want to include about the hosted zone.


<a id="nestedatt--hosted_zone_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hosted_zone_tags`

Optional:

- **key** (String) The key name of the tag.
- **value** (String) The value for the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--query_logging_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_logging_config`

Optional:

- **cloudwatch_logs_log_group_arn** (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CloudWatch Logs log group that Amazon Route 53 is publishing logs to.


<a id="nestedatt--vp_cs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vp_cs`

Optional:

- **vpc_id** (String) The ID of an Amazon VPC.
- **vpc_region** (String) The region that an Amazon VPC was created in. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html for a list of up to date regions.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53_hosted_zone.example <resource ID>
```
