
---
page_title: "awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS Route53 Recovery Control Cluster resource schema
---

# awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster (Resource)

AWS Route53 Recovery Control Cluster resource schema

## Example Usage

### Create Route53 Recovery Control Cluster

To create a Route53 Recovery Control Cluster resource that provides a set of cluster endpoints for failover management and routing control.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster" "example" {
  name = "example-recovery-control-cluster"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}

output "cluster_arn" {
  value = awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster.example.cluster_arn
}

output "cluster_endpoints" {
  value = awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster.example.cluster_endpoints
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of a Cluster. You can use any non-white space character in the name

### Optional

- `network_type` (String) Cluster supports IPv4 endpoints and Dual-stack IPv4 and IPv6 endpoints. NetworkType can be IPV4 or DUALSTACK.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A collection of tags associated with a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `cluster_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster.
- `cluster_endpoints` (Attributes List) Endpoints for the cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_endpoints))
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `status` (String) Deployment status of a resource. Status can be one of the following: PENDING, DEPLOYED, PENDING_DELETION.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cluster_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String)
- `region` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster.example
  id = "cluster_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_route53recoverycontrol_cluster.example "cluster_arn"
```
