---
page_title: "awscc_s3express_directory_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Express::DirectoryBucket.
---

# awscc_s3express_directory_bucket (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Express::DirectoryBucket.

## Example Usage

### Create an express S3 bucket. `bucket_name` should be of the format `bucket_base_name--az_id--x-s3`

```terraform
resource "awscc_s3express_directory_bucket" "example" {
  bucket_name     = "example-bucket--use1-az4--x-s3"
  data_redundancy = "SingleAvailabilityZone"
  location_name   = "use1-az4"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_redundancy` (String) Specifies the number of Availability Zone or Local Zone that's used for redundancy for the bucket.
- `location_name` (String) Specifies the Zone ID of the Availability Zone or Local Zone where the directory bucket will be created. An example Availability Zone ID value is 'use1-az5'.

### Optional

- `bucket_encryption` (Attributes) Specifies default encryption for a bucket using server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) or AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_encryption))
- `bucket_name` (String) Specifies a name for the bucket. The bucket name must contain only lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens (-). A directory bucket name must be unique in the chosen Availability Zone or Local Zone. The bucket name must also follow the format 'bucket_base_name--zone_id--x-s3'. The zone_id can be the ID of an Availability Zone or a Local Zone. If you don't specify a name, AWS CloudFormation generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the bucket name.
- `lifecycle_configuration` (Attributes) Lifecycle rules that define how Amazon S3 Express manages objects during their lifetime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Returns the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified bucket.
- `availability_zone_name` (String) Returns the code for the Availability Zone or Local Zone where the directory bucket was created. An example for the code of an Availability Zone is 'us-east-1f'.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_encryption`

Optional:

- `server_side_encryption_configuration` (Attributes List) Specifies the default server-side-encryption configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_encryption--server_side_encryption_configuration))

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_encryption--server_side_encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_encryption.server_side_encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `bucket_key_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether Amazon S3 should use an S3 Bucket Key with server-side encryption using KMS (SSE-KMS) for new objects in the bucket. Existing objects are not affected. Amazon S3 Express One Zone uses an S3 Bucket Key with SSE-KMS and S3 Bucket Key cannot be disabled. It's only allowed to set the BucketKeyEnabled element to true.
- `server_side_encryption_by_default` (Attributes) Specifies the default server-side encryption to apply to new objects in the bucket. If a PUT Object request doesn't specify any server-side encryption, this default encryption will be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_encryption--server_side_encryption_configuration--server_side_encryption_by_default))

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_encryption--server_side_encryption_configuration--server_side_encryption_by_default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_encryption.server_side_encryption_configuration.server_side_encryption_by_default`

Optional:

- `kms_master_key_id` (String) AWS Key Management Service (KMS) customer managed key ID to use for the default encryption. This parameter is allowed only if SSEAlgorithm is set to aws:kms. You can specify this parameter with the key ID or the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the KMS key
- `sse_algorithm` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A lifecycle rule for individual objects in an Amazon S3 Express bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules`

Optional:

- `abort_incomplete_multipart_upload` (Attributes) Specifies the days since the initiation of an incomplete multipart upload that Amazon S3 will wait before permanently removing all parts of the upload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload))
- `expiration_in_days` (Number)
- `id` (String)
- `object_size_greater_than` (String)
- `object_size_less_than` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.abort_incomplete_multipart_upload`

Optional:

- `days_after_initiation` (Number) Specifies the number of days after which Amazon S3 aborts an incomplete multipart upload.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3express_directory_bucket.example "bucket_name"
```
