---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3files_access_point Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Files::AccessPoint
---

# awscc_s3files_access_point (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Files::AccessPoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file_system_id` (String) The ID of the S3 Files file system that the access point provides access to.

### Optional

- `client_token` (String) (optional) A string of up to 64 ASCII characters that Amazon EFS uses to ensure idempotent creation.
- `posix_user` (Attributes) The operating system user and group applied to all compute drive requests made using the access point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--posix_user))
- `root_directory` (Attributes) Specifies the directory on the Amazon EFS file system that the access point exposes as the root directory of your file system to NFS clients using the access point. The clients using the access point can only access the root directory and below. If the RootDirectory>Path specified does not exist, EFS creates it and applies the CreationPermissions settings when a client connects to an access point. When specifying a RootDirectory, you need to provide the Path, and the CreationPermissions is optional. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `access_point_arn` (String)
- `access_point_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner_id` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--posix_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `posix_user`

Optional:

- `gid` (String) The POSIX group ID used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `secondary_gids` (List of String) Secondary POSIX group IDs used for all file system operations using this access point.
- `uid` (String) The POSIX user ID used for all file system operations using this access point.


<a id="nestedatt--root_directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory`

Optional:

- `creation_permissions` (Attributes) (Optional) Specifies the POSIX IDs and permissions to apply to the access point's RootDirectory. If the RootDirectory>Path specified does not exist, EFS creates the root directory using the CreationPermissions settings when a client connects to an access point. When specifying the CreationPermissions, you must provide values for all properties.   If you do not provide CreationPermissions and the specified RootDirectory>Path does not exist, attempts to mount the file system using the access point will fail. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--root_directory--creation_permissions))
- `path` (String) Specifies the path on the EFS file system to expose as the root directory to NFS clients using the access point to access the EFS file system. A path can have up to four subdirectories. If the specified path does not exist, you are required to provide the CreationPermissions.

<a id="nestedatt--root_directory--creation_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `root_directory.creation_permissions`

Optional:

- `owner_gid` (String) Specifies the POSIX group ID to apply to the RootDirectory. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `owner_uid` (String) Specifies the POSIX user ID to apply to the RootDirectory. Accepts values from 0 to 2^32 (4294967295).
- `permissions` (String) Specifies the POSIX permissions to apply to the RootDirectory, in the format of an octal number representing the file's mode bits.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3files_access_point.example
  identity = {
    access_point_id = "access_point_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `access_point_id` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3files_access_point.example
  id = "access_point_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3files_access_point.example "access_point_id"
```
