---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3outposts_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type Definition for AWS::S3Outposts::Endpoint
---

# awscc_s3outposts_endpoint (Resource)

Resource Type Definition for AWS::S3Outposts::Endpoint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `outpost_id` (String) The id of the customer outpost on which the bucket resides.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group to use with the endpoint.
- `subnet_id` (String) The ID of the subnet in the selected VPC. The subnet must belong to the Outpost.

### Optional

- `access_type` (String) The type of access for the on-premise network connectivity for the Outpost endpoint. To access endpoint from an on-premises network, you must specify the access type and provide the customer owned Ipv4 pool.
- `customer_owned_ipv_4_pool` (String) The ID of the customer-owned IPv4 pool for the Endpoint. IP addresses will be allocated from this pool for the endpoint.
- `failed_reason` (Attributes) The failure reason, if any, for a create or delete endpoint operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--failed_reason))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the endpoint.
- `cidr_block` (String) The VPC CIDR committed by this endpoint.
- `creation_time` (String) The time the endpoint was created.
- `endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the endpoint.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes Set) The network interfaces of the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--failed_reason"></a>
### Nested Schema for `failed_reason`

Optional:

- `error_code` (String) The failure code, if any, for a create or delete endpoint operation.
- `message` (String) Additional error details describing the endpoint failure and recommended action.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `network_interface_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3outposts_endpoint.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3outposts_endpoint.example "arn"
```
