---
page_title: "awscc_s3outposts_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type Definition for AWS::S3Outposts::Bucket
---

# awscc_s3outposts_bucket (Resource)

Resource Type Definition for AWS::S3Outposts::Bucket

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_s3outposts_bucket" "example" {
  bucket_name = "example-bucket"
  outpost_id  = "op-01ac5d28a6a232904"

  lifecycle_configuration = {
    rules = [
      {
        id                 = "rule1"
        expiration_in_days = 30
        status             = "Enabled"
      },
      {
        id = "rule2"
        abort_incomplete_multipart_upload = {
          days_after_initiation = 7
        }
        status = "Enabled"
        filter = {
          prefix = "documents/"
        }
      }
    ]
  }


  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) A name for the bucket.
- `outpost_id` (String) The id of the customer outpost on which the bucket resides.

### Optional

- `lifecycle_configuration` (Attributes) Rules that define how Amazon S3Outposts manages objects during their lifetime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An arbitrary set of tags (key-value pairs) for this S3Outposts bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified bucket.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes Set) A list of lifecycle rules for individual objects in an Amazon S3Outposts bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules`

Optional:

- `abort_incomplete_multipart_upload` (Attributes) Specifies a lifecycle rule that stops incomplete multipart uploads to an Amazon S3Outposts bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload))
- `expiration_date` (String) Indicates when objects are deleted from Amazon S3Outposts. The date value must be in ISO 8601 format. The time is always midnight UTC.
- `expiration_in_days` (Number) Indicates the number of days after creation when objects are deleted from Amazon S3Outposts.
- `filter` (Attributes) The container for the filter of the lifecycle rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the lifecycle rule. The value can't be longer than 255 characters.
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--abort_incomplete_multipart_upload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.abort_incomplete_multipart_upload`

Optional:

- `days_after_initiation` (Number) Specifies the number of days after which Amazon S3Outposts aborts an incomplete multipart upload.


<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.filter`

Optional:

- `and_operator` (Attributes) The container for the AND condition for the lifecycle rule. A combination of Prefix and 1 or more Tags OR a minimum of 2 or more tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--and_operator))
- `prefix` (String) Object key prefix that identifies one or more objects to which this rule applies.
- `tag` (Attributes) Specifies a tag used to identify a subset of objects for an Amazon S3Outposts bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--tag))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--and_operator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.filter.and_operator`

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) Prefix identifies one or more objects to which the rule applies.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) All of these tags must exist in the object's tag set in order for the rule to apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--and_operator--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--and_operator--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.filter.and_operator.tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--rules--filter--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.rules.filter.tag`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3outposts_bucket.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3outposts_bucket.example "arn"
```
