---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3tables_table Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Tables::Table
---

# awscc_s3tables_table (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Tables::Table



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) The namespace that the table belongs to.
- `open_table_format` (String) Format of the table.
- `table_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified table bucket.
- `table_name` (String) The name for the table.

### Optional

- `compaction` (Attributes) Settings governing the Compaction maintenance action. Contains details about the compaction settings for an Iceberg table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compaction))
- `iceberg_metadata` (Attributes) Contains details about the metadata for an Iceberg table. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata))
- `snapshot_management` (Attributes) Contains details about the snapshot management settings for an Iceberg table. A snapshot is expired when it exceeds MinSnapshotsToKeep and MaxSnapshotAgeHours. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot_management))
- `without_metadata` (String) Indicates that you don't want to specify a schema for the table. This property is mutually exclusive to 'IcebergMetadata', and its only possible value is 'Yes'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `table_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the specified table.
- `version_token` (String) The version token of the table
- `warehouse_location` (String) The warehouse location of the table.

<a id="nestedatt--compaction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compaction`

Optional:

- `status` (String) Indicates whether the Compaction maintenance action is enabled.
- `target_file_size_mb` (Number) The target file size for the table in MB.


<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata`

Optional:

- `iceberg_schema` (Attributes) Contains details about the schema for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema))

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_schema`

Optional:

- `schema_field_list` (Attributes List) Contains details about the schema for an Iceberg table (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema--schema_field_list))

<a id="nestedatt--iceberg_metadata--iceberg_schema--schema_field_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iceberg_metadata.iceberg_schema.schema_field_list`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the field
- `required` (Boolean) A Boolean value that specifies whether values are required for each row in this field
- `type` (String) The field type




<a id="nestedatt--snapshot_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot_management`

Optional:

- `max_snapshot_age_hours` (Number) The maximum age of a snapshot before it can be expired.
- `min_snapshots_to_keep` (Number) The minimum number of snapshots to keep.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the SnapshotManagement maintenance action is enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3tables_table.example
  id = "table_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3tables_table.example "table_arn"
```
