---
page_title: "awscc_s3vectors_index Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Vectors::Index
---

# awscc_s3vectors_index (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Vectors::Index

## Example Usage

### Create an S3 vector search index
Create an S3 vector search index with encryption configuration and tags

~> This example is generated by Amazon Bedrock and verified to work using Terraform.

```terraform
resource "awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket" "example" {
  vector_bucket_name = "example-vectors-bucket"

  encryption_configuration = {
    sse_type = "AES256"
  }

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-vectors-bucket"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}

resource "awscc_s3vectors_index" "example" {
  index_name         = "example-vectors-index"
  vector_bucket_name = awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket.example.vector_bucket_name
  data_type          = "float32"
  dimension          = 1536
  distance_metric    = "cosine"

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-vectors-index"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]

  depends_on = [awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket.example]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_type` (String) The data type of the vectors to be inserted into the vector index.
- `dimension` (Number) The dimensions of the vectors to be inserted into the vector index.
- `distance_metric` (String) The distance metric to be used for similarity search.

### Optional

- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) The encryption configuration for the index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_configuration))
- `index_name` (String) The name of the vector index to create.
- `metadata_configuration` (Attributes) The metadata configuration for the vector index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) User tags (key-value pairs) to associate with the index. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vector_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vector bucket.
- `vector_bucket_name` (String) The name of the vector bucket that contains the vector index.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Date and time when the vector index was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `index_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the index

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) AWS Key Management Service (KMS) customer managed key ID to use for the encryption configuration. This parameter is allowed if and only if sseType is set to aws:kms
- `sse_type` (String) Defines the server-side encryption type for index encryption configuration. Defaults to the parent vector bucket's encryption settings when unspecified.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_configuration`

Optional:

- `non_filterable_metadata_keys` (Set of String) Non-filterable metadata keys allow you to enrich vectors with additional context during storage and retrieval. Unlike default metadata keys, these keys cannot be used as query filters. Non-filterable metadata keys can be retrieved but cannot be searched, queried, or filtered. You can access non-filterable metadata keys of your vectors after finding the vectors.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key must be between 1 to 128 characters in length. Tag key cannot start with 'aws:' and can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.
- `value` (String) Tag value must be between 0 to 256 characters in length. Tag value can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3vectors_index.example
  identity = {
    index_arn = "index_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `index_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the index

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3vectors_index.example
  id = "index_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3vectors_index.example "index_arn"
```