---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Vectors::VectorBucket
---

# awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::S3Vectors::VectorBucket



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) The encryption configuration for the vector bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes Set) User tags (key-value pairs) to associate with the vector bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vector_bucket_name` (String) The name of the vector bucket.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Date and time when the vector bucket was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `vector_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vector bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) AWS Key Management Service (KMS) customer managed key ID to use for the encryption configuration. This parameter is allowed if and only if sseType is set to aws:kms
- `sse_type` (String) The server-side encryption type to use for the encryption configuration of the vector bucket. By default, if you don't specify, all new vectors in Amazon S3 vector buckets use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3), specifically AES256.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Tag key must be between 1 to 128 characters in length. Tag key cannot start with 'aws:' and can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.
- `value` (String) Tag value must be between 0 to 256 characters in length. Tag value can only contain alphanumeric characters, spaces, _, ., /, =, +, -, and @.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket.example
  identity = {
    vector_bucket_arn = "vector_bucket_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `vector_bucket_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vector bucket

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket.example
  id = "vector_bucket_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_s3vectors_vector_bucket.example "vector_bucket_arn"
```
