---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_app Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::MlflowApp
---

# awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_app (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::MlflowApp



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_store_uri` (String) The S3 URI for a general purpose bucket to use as the MLflow App artifact store.
- `name` (String) The name of the MLflow App.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for an IAM role in your account that the MLflow App uses to access the artifact store in Amazon S3.

### Optional

- `model_registration_mode` (String) Whether to enable or disable automatic registration of new MLflow models to the SageMaker Model Registry.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to associate with the MLflow App. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `weekly_maintenance_window_start` (String) The day and time of the week in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) 24-hour standard time that weekly maintenance updates are scheduled. For example: Tue:03:30.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MLflow App.
- `creation_time` (String) The date and time that the MLflow App was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) The date and time that the MLflow App was last modified.
- `mlflow_app_id` (String) The server-generated identifier of the MLflow App.
- `mlflow_version` (String) The MLflow version used by the MLflow App.
- `status` (String) The status of the MLflow App.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_app.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MLflow App

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_app.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_app.example "arn"
```
