---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_hub Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Hub
---

# awscc_sagemaker_hub (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Hub



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hub_description` (String) A description of the hub.
- `hub_name` (String) The name of the hub.

### Optional

- `hub_display_name` (String) The display name of the hub.
- `hub_search_keywords` (List of String) The searchable keywords for the hub.
- `s3_storage_config` (Attributes) The Amazon S3 storage configuration for the hub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--s3_storage_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags to associate with the hub. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The date and time that the hub was created.
- `hub_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the hub.
- `hub_status` (String) The status of the hub.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) The date and time that the hub was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--s3_storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `s3_storage_config`

Optional:

- `s3_output_path` (String) The Amazon S3 bucket prefix for hosting hub content.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_hub.example
  identity = {
    hub_arn = "hub_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `hub_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the hub

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_hub.example
  id = "hub_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_hub.example "hub_arn"
```
