
---
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_device Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::SageMaker::Device
---

# awscc_sagemaker_device (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::SageMaker::Device

## Example Usage

### Register SageMaker Edge Device

Creates a SageMaker edge device registration within a device fleet, associating it with an IoT thing name and providing device-specific metadata for edge computing capabilities.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a SageMaker Device
resource "awscc_sagemaker_device" "example" {
  device_fleet_name = "my-device-fleet"

  device = {
    device_name    = "my-edge-device"
    description    = "Example edge device for SageMaker"
    iot_thing_name = "my-iot-thing"
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Production"
    }, {
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_fleet_name` (String) The name of the edge device fleet

### Optional

- `device` (Attributes) The Edge Device you want to register against a device fleet (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device))
- `tags` (Attributes List) Associate tags with the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the device
- `device_name` (String) The name of the device
- `iot_thing_name` (String) AWS Internet of Things (IoT) object name.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The key value of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_device.example "device/_device_name"
```
