---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_app Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::App
---

# awscc_sagemaker_app (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::App



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_name` (String) The name of the app.
- `app_type` (String) The type of app.
- `domain_id` (String) The domain ID.
- `user_profile_name` (String) The user profile name.

### Optional

- `recovery_mode` (Boolean) Indicates whether the application is launched in recovery mode.
- `resource_spec` (Attributes) The instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker image created on the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource_spec))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `app_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the app.
- `built_in_lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The lifecycle configuration that runs before the default lifecycle configuration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_app.example "app_name|app_type|domain_id|user_profile_name"
```
