---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_project Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Project
---

# awscc_sagemaker_project (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Project



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_name` (String) The name of the project.

### Optional

- `project_description` (String) The description of the project.
- `service_catalog_provisioned_product_details` (Attributes) Provisioned ServiceCatalog  Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioned_product_details))
- `service_catalog_provisioning_details` (Attributes) Input ServiceCatalog Provisioning Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioning_details))
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `template_provider_details` (Attributes List) An array of template providers associated with the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_provider_details))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time at which the project was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `project_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Project.
- `project_id` (String) Project Id.
- `project_status` (String) The status of a project.

<a id="nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioned_product_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_catalog_provisioned_product_details`

Optional:

- `provisioned_product_id` (String) The identifier of the provisioning artifact (also known as a version).
- `provisioned_product_status_message` (String) Provisioned Product Status Message


<a id="nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioning_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_catalog_provisioning_details`

Optional:

- `path_id` (String) The path identifier of the product.
- `product_id` (String) Service Catalog product identifier.
- `provisioning_artifact_id` (String) The identifier of the provisioning artifact (also known as a version).
- `provisioning_parameters` (Attributes List) Parameters specified by the administrator that are required for provisioning the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioning_details--provisioning_parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--service_catalog_provisioning_details--provisioning_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_catalog_provisioning_details.provisioning_parameters`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The parameter key.
- `value` (String) The parameter value.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--template_provider_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_provider_details`

Optional:

- `cfn_template_provider_detail` (Attributes) CloudFormation template provider details for a SageMaker project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_provider_details--cfn_template_provider_detail))

<a id="nestedatt--template_provider_details--cfn_template_provider_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_provider_details.cfn_template_provider_detail`

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) A list of parameters used in the CloudFormation template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_provider_details--cfn_template_provider_detail--parameters))
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used by the template provider.
- `template_name` (String) The name of the template used for the project.
- `template_url` (String) The URL of the CloudFormation template.

<a id="nestedatt--template_provider_details--cfn_template_provider_detail--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_provider_details.cfn_template_provider_detail.parameters`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the parameter.
- `value` (String) The value of the parameter.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_project.example
  id = "project_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_project.example "project_arn"
```
