---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_image_version Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::ImageVersion
---

# awscc_sagemaker_image_version (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::ImageVersion



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_image` (String) The registry path of the container image on which this image version is based.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the image this version belongs to.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) The alias of the image version.
- `aliases` (List of String) List of aliases for the image version.
- `horovod` (Boolean) Indicates Horovod compatibility.
- `job_type` (String) Indicates SageMaker job type compatibility.
- `ml_framework` (String) The machine learning framework vended in the image version.
- `processor` (String) Indicates CPU or GPU compatibility.
- `programming_lang` (String) The supported programming language and its version.
- `release_notes` (String) The maintainer description of the image version.
- `vendor_guidance` (String) The availability of the image version specified by the maintainer.

### Read-Only

- `container_image` (String) The registry path of the container image that contains this image version.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `image_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the parent image.
- `image_version_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image version.
- `version` (Number) The version number of the image version.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_image_version.example "image_version_arn"
```
