---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_trial_component Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::TrialComponent. A trial component is a stage of a machine learning trial, such as a preprocessing job, training job, or batch transform job.
---

# awscc_sagemaker_trial_component (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::TrialComponent. A trial component is a stage of a machine learning trial, such as a preprocessing job, training job, or batch transform job.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `trial_component_name` (String) The name of the trial component. Must be unique in your AWS account and is not case-sensitive.

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The name of the component as displayed. If DisplayName isn't specified, TrialComponentName is displayed.
- `input_artifacts` (Attributes Map) The input artifacts for the component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_artifacts))
- `metadata_properties` (Attributes) Metadata properties of the tracking entity, trial, or trial component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_properties))
- `output_artifacts` (Attributes Map) The output artifacts for the component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_artifacts))
- `parameters` (Attributes Map) The hyperparameters for the component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))
- `status` (Attributes) The status of the trial component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to associate with the trial component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) When the trial component was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) When the trial component was last modified.
- `lineage_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the lineage group.
- `trial_component_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the trial component.

<a id="nestedatt--input_artifacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_artifacts`

Optional:

- `media_type` (String) The media type of the artifact.
- `value` (String) The location of the artifact.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_properties`

Optional:

- `commit_id` (String) The commit ID.
- `generated_by` (String) The entity this entity was generated by.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID.
- `repository` (String) The repository.


<a id="nestedatt--output_artifacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_artifacts`

Optional:

- `media_type` (String) The media type of the artifact.
- `value` (String) The location of the artifact.


<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `number_value` (Number) The numeric value of a numeric hyperparameter.
- `string_value` (String) The string value of a categorical hyperparameter.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `message` (String) If the component failed, a message describing why.
- `primary_status` (String) The status of the trial component.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_trial_component.example
  identity = {
    trial_component_arn = "trial_component_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `trial_component_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the trial component

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_trial_component.example
  id = "trial_component_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_trial_component.example "trial_component_arn"
```
