---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_action Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Action. An action is a lineage tracking entity that represents an action or activity, such as a model deployment or an HPO job.
---

# awscc_sagemaker_action (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Action. An action is a lineage tracking entity that represents an action or activity, such as a model deployment or an HPO job.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action_name` (String) The name of the action. Must be unique to your account in an AWS Region.
- `action_type` (String) The action type.
- `source` (Attributes) The source type, ID, and URI. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the action.
- `metadata_properties` (Attributes) Metadata properties of the tracking entity, trial, or trial component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata_properties))
- `properties` (Map of String) A list of properties to add to the action.
- `status` (String) The status of the action.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the action.
- `creation_time` (String) When the action was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) When the action was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `source_uri` (String) The URI of the source.

Optional:

- `source_id` (String) The ID of the source.
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata_properties`

Optional:

- `commit_id` (String) The commit ID.
- `generated_by` (String) The entity this entity was generated by.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID.
- `repository` (String) The repository.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_action.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the action

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_action.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_action.example "arn"
```
