---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_model_package_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::ModelPackageGroup
---

# awscc_sagemaker_model_package_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::ModelPackageGroup



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `model_package_group_name` (String) The name of the model package group.

### Optional

- `model_package_group_description` (String) The description of the model package group.
- `model_package_group_policy` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The time at which the model package group was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `model_package_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the model package group.
- `model_package_group_status` (String) The status of a modelpackage group job.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_model_package_group.example <resource ID>
```
