---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_partner_app Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::PartnerApp
---

# awscc_sagemaker_partner_app (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::PartnerApp



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_type` (String) The Auth type of PartnerApp.
- `execution_role_arn` (String) The execution role for the user.
- `name` (String) A name for the PartnerApp.
- `tier` (String) The tier of the PartnerApp.
- `type` (String) The type of PartnerApp.

### Optional

- `application_config` (Attributes) A collection of settings that specify the maintenance schedule for the PartnerApp. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_config))
- `client_token` (String) The client token for the PartnerApp.
- `enable_iam_session_based_identity` (Boolean) Enables IAM Session based Identity for PartnerApp.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The AWS KMS customer managed key used to encrypt the data associated with the PartnerApp.
- `maintenance_config` (Attributes) A collection of settings that specify the maintenance schedule for the PartnerApp. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the PartnerApp. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the created PartnerApp.
- `base_url` (String) The AppServerUrl based on app and account-info.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--application_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_config`

Optional:

- `admin_users` (Set of String) A list of users with administrator privileges for the PartnerApp.
- `arguments` (Map of String) A list of arguments to pass to the PartnerApp.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_config`

Optional:

- `maintenance_window_start` (String) The maintenance window start day and time for the PartnerApp.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_partner_app.example "arn"
```
