---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_experiment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Experiment. An experiment is a collection of related trials used to organize and track machine learning workflows.
---

# awscc_sagemaker_experiment (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Experiment. An experiment is a collection of related trials used to organize and track machine learning workflows.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `experiment_name` (String) The name of the experiment. Must be unique in your AWS account and is not case-sensitive.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the experiment.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the experiment as displayed. The name does not need to be unique.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to associate with the experiment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the experiment.
- `creation_time` (String) When the experiment was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modified_time` (String) When the experiment was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The tag key.
- `value` (String) The tag value.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_experiment.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the experiment

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_experiment.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_experiment.example "arn"
```
