---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_tracking_server Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::MlflowTrackingServer
---

# awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_tracking_server (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::MlflowTrackingServer



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_store_uri` (String) The Amazon S3 URI for MLFlow Tracking Server artifacts.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that enables Amazon SageMaker to perform tasks on behalf of the customer.
- `tracking_server_name` (String) The name of the MLFlow Tracking Server.

### Optional

- `automatic_model_registration` (Boolean) A flag to enable Automatic SageMaker Model Registration.
- `mlflow_version` (String) The MLFlow Version used on the MLFlow Tracking Server.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tracking_server_size` (String) The size of the MLFlow Tracking Server.
- `weekly_maintenance_window_start` (String) The start of the time window for maintenance of the MLFlow Tracking Server in UTC time.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `tracking_server_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the MLFlow Tracking Server.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_tracking_server.example
  id = "tracking_server_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_mlflow_tracking_server.example "tracking_server_name"
```
