---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_pipeline Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Pipeline
---

# awscc_sagemaker_pipeline (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::Pipeline



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **pipeline_definition** (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pipeline_definition))
- **pipeline_name** (String) The name of the Pipeline.
- **role_arn** (String) Role Arn

### Optional

- **pipeline_description** (String) The description of the Pipeline.
- **pipeline_display_name** (String) The display name of the Pipeline.
- **tags** (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--pipeline_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pipeline_definition`

Required:

- **pipeline_definition_body** (String) A specification that defines the pipeline in JSON format.
- **pipeline_definition_s3_location** (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pipeline_definition--pipeline_definition_s3_location))

<a id="nestedatt--pipeline_definition--pipeline_definition_s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pipeline_definition.pipeline_definition_s3_location`

Required:

- **bucket** (String) The name of the S3 bucket where the PipelineDefinition file is stored.
- **e_tag** (String) The Amazon S3 ETag (a file checksum) of the PipelineDefinition file. If you don't specify a value, SageMaker skips ETag validation of your PipelineDefinition file.
- **key** (String) The file name of the PipelineDefinition file (Amazon S3 object name).
- **version** (String) For versioning-enabled buckets, a specific version of the PipelineDefinition file.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **value** (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_pipeline.example <resource ID>
```
