---
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_user_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::UserProfile
---

# awscc_sagemaker_user_profile (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::UserProfile

## Example Usage

To create a SageMaker user profile resource.
```terraform
resource "awscc_sagemaker_user_profile" "example" {
  domain_id         = awscc_sagemaker_domain.example.id
  user_profile_name = "example"
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the associated Domain.
- `user_profile_name` (String) A name for the UserProfile.

### Optional

- `single_sign_on_user_identifier` (String) A specifier for the type of value specified in SingleSignOnUserValue. Currently, the only supported value is "UserName". If the Domain's AuthMode is SSO, this field is required. If the Domain's AuthMode is not SSO, this field cannot be specified.
- `single_sign_on_user_value` (String) The username of the associated AWS Single Sign-On User for this UserProfile. If the Domain's AuthMode is SSO, this field is required, and must match a valid username of a user in your directory. If the Domain's AuthMode is not SSO, this field cannot be specified.
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the user profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `user_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `user_profile_arn` (String) The user profile Amazon Resource Name (ARN).

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_mount_home_efs` (String) Indicates whether auto-mounting of an EFS volume is supported for the user profile.
- `code_editor_app_settings` (Attributes) The CodeEditor app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings))
- `custom_file_system_configs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs))
- `custom_posix_user_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--custom_posix_user_config))
- `default_landing_uri` (String) Defines which Amazon SageMaker application users are directed to by default.
- `execution_role` (String) The user profile Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
- `jupyter_lab_app_settings` (Attributes) The JupyterLab app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings))
- `jupyter_server_app_settings` (Attributes) The Jupyter server's app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings))
- `kernel_gateway_app_settings` (Attributes) The kernel gateway app settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings))
- `r_studio_server_pro_app_settings` (Attributes) A collection of settings that configure user interaction with the RStudioServerPro app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings))
- `security_groups` (List of String) The security groups for the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) that Studio uses for communication.
- `sharing_settings` (Attributes) The sharing settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--sharing_settings))
- `space_storage_settings` (Attributes) Default storage settings for a space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--space_storage_settings))
- `studio_web_portal` (String) Indicates whether the Studio experience is available to users. If not, users cannot access Studio.
- `studio_web_portal_settings` (Attributes) Studio settings. If these settings are applied on a user level, they take priority over the settings applied on a domain level. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--studio_web_portal_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.code_editor_app_settings`

Optional:

- `app_lifecycle_management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management))
- `built_in_lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The lifecycle configuration that runs before the default lifecycle configuration.
- `custom_images` (Attributes List) A list of custom images for use for CodeEditor apps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default SageMaker image used by the CodeEditor app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with CodeEditor apps.

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.code_editor_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management`

Optional:

- `idle_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.code_editor_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management.idle_settings`

Optional:

- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The idle timeout value set in minutes
- `lifecycle_management` (String) A flag to enable/disable AppLifecycleManagement settings
- `max_idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The maximum idle timeout value set in minutes
- `min_idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The minimum idle timeout value set in minutes



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.code_editor_app_settings.custom_images`

Optional:

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the CustomImage. Must be unique to your account.
- `image_version_number` (Number) The version number of the CustomImage.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--code_editor_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.code_editor_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.custom_file_system_configs`

Optional:

- `efs_file_system_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs--efs_file_system_config))
- `fsx_lustre_file_system_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs--fsx_lustre_file_system_config))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs--efs_file_system_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.custom_file_system_configs.efs_file_system_config`

Optional:

- `file_system_id` (String)
- `file_system_path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--custom_file_system_configs--fsx_lustre_file_system_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.custom_file_system_configs.fsx_lustre_file_system_config`

Optional:

- `file_system_id` (String)
- `file_system_path` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--custom_posix_user_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.custom_posix_user_config`

Optional:

- `gid` (Number)
- `uid` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings`

Optional:

- `app_lifecycle_management` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management))
- `built_in_lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The lifecycle configuration that runs before the default lifecycle configuration.
- `code_repositories` (Attributes List) A list of CodeRepositories available for use with JupyterLab apps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--code_repositories))
- `custom_images` (Attributes List) A list of custom images available for use for JupyterLab apps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default SageMaker image used by the JupyterLab app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with JupyterLab apps.

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management`

Optional:

- `idle_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--app_lifecycle_management--idle_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.app_lifecycle_management.idle_settings`

Optional:

- `idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The idle timeout value set in minutes
- `lifecycle_management` (String) A flag to enable/disable AppLifecycleManagement settings
- `max_idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The maximum idle timeout value set in minutes
- `min_idle_timeout_in_minutes` (Number) The minimum idle timeout value set in minutes



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--code_repositories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.code_repositories`

Optional:

- `repository_url` (String) A CodeRepository (valid URL) to be used within Jupyter's Git extension.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.custom_images`

Optional:

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the CustomImage. Must be unique to your account.
- `image_version_number` (Number) The version number of the CustomImage.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_lab_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_lab_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings`

Optional:

- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with JupyterServer apps.

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--jupyter_server_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.jupyter_server_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings`

Optional:

- `custom_images` (Attributes List) A list of custom SageMaker images that are configured to run as a KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images))
- `default_resource_spec` (Attributes) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default SageMaker image used by the KernelGateway app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec))
- `lifecycle_config_arns` (List of String) A list of LifecycleConfigArns available for use with KernelGateway apps.

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--custom_images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.custom_images`

Optional:

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.
- `image_name` (String) The name of the CustomImage. Must be unique to your account.
- `image_version_number` (Number) The version number of the CustomImage.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--kernel_gateway_app_settings--default_resource_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.kernel_gateway_app_settings.default_resource_spec`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) The instance type that the image version runs on.
- `lifecycle_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration to attach to the Resource.
- `sage_maker_image_arn` (String) The ARN of the SageMaker image that the image version belongs to.
- `sage_maker_image_version_arn` (String) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--r_studio_server_pro_app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.r_studio_server_pro_app_settings`

Optional:

- `access_status` (String) Indicates whether the current user has access to the RStudioServerPro app.
- `user_group` (String) The level of permissions that the user has within the RStudioServerPro app. This value defaults to User. The Admin value allows the user access to the RStudio Administrative Dashboard.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--sharing_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.sharing_settings`

Optional:

- `notebook_output_option` (String) Whether to include the notebook cell output when sharing the notebook. The default is Disabled.
- `s3_kms_key_id` (String) When NotebookOutputOption is Allowed, the AWS Key Management Service (KMS) encryption key ID used to encrypt the notebook cell output in the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `s3_output_path` (String) When NotebookOutputOption is Allowed, the Amazon S3 bucket used to store the shared notebook snapshots.


<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--space_storage_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.space_storage_settings`

Optional:

- `default_ebs_storage_settings` (Attributes) Properties related to the Amazon Elastic Block Store volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--space_storage_settings--default_ebs_storage_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--space_storage_settings--default_ebs_storage_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.space_storage_settings.default_ebs_storage_settings`

Optional:

- `default_ebs_volume_size_in_gb` (Number) Default size of the Amazon EBS volume in Gb
- `maximum_ebs_volume_size_in_gb` (Number) Maximum size of the Amazon EBS volume in Gb. Must be greater than or equal to the DefaultEbsVolumeSizeInGb.



<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--studio_web_portal_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.studio_web_portal_settings`

Optional:

- `hidden_app_types` (Set of String) Applications supported in Studio that are hidden from the Studio left navigation pane.
- `hidden_instance_types` (Set of String) The instance types you are hiding from the Studio user interface.
- `hidden_ml_tools` (Set of String) The machine learning tools that are hidden from the Studio left navigation pane.
- `hidden_sage_maker_image_version_aliases` (Attributes Set) The version aliases you are hiding from the Studio user interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_settings--studio_web_portal_settings--hidden_sage_maker_image_version_aliases))

<a id="nestedatt--user_settings--studio_web_portal_settings--hidden_sage_maker_image_version_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_settings.studio_web_portal_settings.hidden_sage_maker_image_version_aliases`

Optional:

- `sage_maker_image_name` (String) The SageMaker image name that you are hiding from the Studio user interface.
- `version_aliases` (List of String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_sagemaker_user_profile.example
  id = "user_profile_name|domain_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_user_profile.example "user_profile_name|domain_id"
```
