---
page_title: "awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::AppImageConfig
---

# awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SageMaker::AppImageConfig

## Example Usage

To create a SageMaker app image config resource.

Basic usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config" "example" {
  app_image_config_name = "example"

  kernel_gateway_image_config = {
    kernel_specs = [{
      name = "example"
    }]
  }
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

Default File System Config

```terraform
resource "awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config" "example" {
  app_image_config_name = "example"

  kernel_gateway_image_config = {
    kernel_specs = [{
      name = "example"
    }]
    file_system_config = {
      default_gid = 100
      default_uid = 1000
    }
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_image_config_name` (String) The Name of the AppImageConfig.

### Optional

- `code_editor_app_image_config` (Attributes) The CodeEditorAppImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config))
- `jupyter_lab_app_image_config` (Attributes) The JupyterLabAppImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config))
- `kernel_gateway_image_config` (Attributes) The KernelGatewayImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config))
- `tags` (Attributes List) A list of tags to apply to the AppImageConfig. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `app_image_config_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AppImageConfig.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_editor_app_image_config`

Optional:

- `container_config` (Attributes) The container configuration for a SageMaker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config--container_config))

<a id="nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config--container_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_editor_app_image_config.container_config`

Optional:

- `container_arguments` (List of String) A list of arguments to apply to the container.
- `container_entrypoint` (List of String) The custom entry point to use on container.
- `container_environment_variables` (Attributes List) A list of variables to apply to the custom container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config--container_config--container_environment_variables))

<a id="nestedatt--code_editor_app_image_config--container_config--container_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code_editor_app_image_config.container_config.container_environment_variables`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jupyter_lab_app_image_config`

Optional:

- `container_config` (Attributes) The container configuration for a SageMaker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config--container_config))

<a id="nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config--container_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jupyter_lab_app_image_config.container_config`

Optional:

- `container_arguments` (List of String) A list of arguments to apply to the container.
- `container_entrypoint` (List of String) The custom entry point to use on container.
- `container_environment_variables` (Attributes List) A list of variables to apply to the custom container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config--container_config--container_environment_variables))

<a id="nestedatt--jupyter_lab_app_image_config--container_config--container_environment_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jupyter_lab_app_image_config.container_config.container_environment_variables`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config`

Optional:

- `file_system_config` (Attributes) The Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) storage configuration for a SageMaker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--file_system_config))
- `kernel_specs` (Attributes List) The specification of the Jupyter kernels in the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--kernel_specs))

<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--file_system_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config.file_system_config`

Optional:

- `default_gid` (Number) The default POSIX group ID (GID). If not specified, defaults to 100.
- `default_uid` (Number) The default POSIX user ID (UID). If not specified, defaults to 1000.
- `mount_path` (String) The path within the image to mount the user's EFS home directory. The directory should be empty. If not specified, defaults to /home/sagemaker-user.


<a id="nestedatt--kernel_gateway_image_config--kernel_specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_gateway_image_config.kernel_specs`

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the kernel.
- `name` (String) The name of the kernel.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_sagemaker_app_image_config.example "app_image_config_name"
```
