
---
page_title: "awscc_scheduler_schedule_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::Scheduler::ScheduleGroup Resource Type
---

# awscc_scheduler_schedule_group (Resource)

Definition of AWS::Scheduler::ScheduleGroup Resource Type

## Example Usage

### Create EventBridge Schedule Group

Creates an EventBridge Schedule Group named 'my-schedule-group' that can be used to organize and manage multiple schedules in AWS EventBridge Scheduler.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create a schedule group
resource "awscc_scheduler_schedule_group" "example" {
  name = "my-schedule-group"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) The list of tags to associate with the schedule group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the schedule group.
- `creation_date` (String) The time at which the schedule group was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `last_modification_date` (String) The time at which the schedule group was last modified.
- `state` (String) Specifies the state of the schedule group.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Key for the tag
- `value` (String) Value for the tag

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_scheduler_schedule_group.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_scheduler_schedule_group.example "name"
```
