---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securitylake_data_lake Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::DataLake
---

# awscc_securitylake_data_lake (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::DataLake



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `encryption_configuration` (Attributes) Provides encryption details of Amazon Security Lake object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_configuration))
- `lifecycle_configuration` (Attributes) Provides lifecycle details of Amazon Security Lake object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration))
- `meta_store_manager_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) used to index AWS Glue table partitions that are generated by the ingestion and normalization of AWS log sources and custom sources.
- `replication_configuration` (Attributes) Provides replication details of Amazon Security Lake object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--replication_configuration))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) created by you to provide to the subscriber.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `s3_bucket_arn` (String) The ARN for the Amazon Security Lake Amazon S3 bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_configuration`

Optional:

- `kms_key_id` (String) The id of KMS encryption key used by Amazon Security Lake to encrypt the Security Lake object.


<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration`

Optional:

- `expiration` (Attributes) Provides data expiration details of Amazon Security Lake object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--expiration))
- `transitions` (Attributes List) Provides data storage transition details of Amazon Security Lake object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--transitions))

<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--expiration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.expiration`

Optional:

- `days` (Number) Number of days before data expires in the Amazon Security Lake object.


<a id="nestedatt--lifecycle_configuration--transitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lifecycle_configuration.transitions`

Optional:

- `days` (Number) Number of days before data transitions to a different S3 Storage Class in the Amazon Security Lake object.
- `storage_class` (String) The range of storage classes that you can choose from based on the data access, resiliency, and cost requirements of your workloads.



<a id="nestedatt--replication_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `replication_configuration`

Optional:

- `regions` (Set of String) Replication enables automatic, asynchronous copying of objects across Amazon S3 buckets. Amazon S3 buckets that are configured for object replication can be owned by the same AWS account or by different accounts. You can replicate objects to a single destination bucket or to multiple destination buckets. The destination buckets can be in different AWS Regions or within the same Region as the source bucket.
- `role_arn` (String) Replication settings for the Amazon S3 buckets. This parameter uses the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role you created that is managed by Security Lake, to ensure the replication setting is correct.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, `_`, `.`, `/`, `=`, `+`, and `-`.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 characters in length.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securitylake_data_lake.example "arn"
```
