---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::SubscriberNotification
---

# awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::SubscriberNotification



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `notification_configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration))
- `subscriber_arn` (String) The ARN for the subscriber

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `subscriber_endpoint` (String) The endpoint the subscriber should listen to for notifications

<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration`

Optional:

- `https_notification_configuration` (Attributes) The configuration for HTTPS subscriber notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_configuration--https_notification_configuration))
- `sqs_notification_configuration` (String) The configurations for SQS subscriber notification. The members of this structure are context-dependent.

<a id="nestedatt--notification_configuration--https_notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration.https_notification_configuration`

Optional:

- `authorization_api_key_name` (String) The key name for the notification subscription.
- `authorization_api_key_value` (String) The key value for the notification subscription.
- `endpoint` (String) The subscription endpoint in Security Lake.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTPS method used for the notification subscription.
- `target_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EventBridge API destinations IAM role that you created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification.example
  id = "subscriber_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securitylake_subscriber_notification.example "subscriber_arn"
```
