---
page_title: "awscc_securityhub_hub Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::SecurityHub::Hub resource represents the implementation of the AWS Security Hub service in your account. One hub resource is created for each Region in which you enable Security Hub.
---

# awscc_securityhub_hub (Resource)

The AWS::SecurityHub::Hub resource represents the implementation of the AWS Security Hub service in your account. One hub resource is created for each Region in which you enable Security Hub.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "awscc_securityhub_hub" "example" {}
```

### Disable Default Security Standards

```terraform
resource "awscc_securityhub_hub" "example" {
  auto_enable_controls      = true
  control_finding_generator = "SECURITY_CONTROL"
  enable_default_standards  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auto_enable_controls` (Boolean) Whether to automatically enable new controls when they are added to standards that are enabled
- `control_finding_generator` (String) This field, used when enabling Security Hub, specifies whether the calling account has consolidated control findings turned on. If the value for this field is set to SECURITY_CONTROL, Security Hub generates a single finding for a control check even when the check applies to multiple enabled standards.  If the value for this field is set to STANDARD_CONTROL, Security Hub generates separate findings for a control check when the check applies to multiple enabled standards.
- `enable_default_standards` (Boolean) Whether to enable the security standards that Security Hub has designated as automatically enabled.
- `tags` (Map of String) A key-value pair to associate with a resource.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) An ARN is automatically created for the customer.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `subscribed_at` (String) The date and time when Security Hub was enabled in the account.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securityhub_hub.example "arn"
```