---
page_title: "awscc_securityhub_security_control Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A security control in Security Hub describes a security best practice related to a specific resource.
---

# awscc_securityhub_security_control (Resource)

A security control in Security Hub describes a security best practice related to a specific resource.

## Example Usage

### Configure a parameter for the control ACM.1.

```terraform
resource "awscc_securityhub_security_control" "example" {
  security_control_id = "ACM.1"
  parameters = {
    daysToExpiration = {
      value = {
        integer = 15
      }
      value_type = "CUSTOM"
    }
  }
  last_update_reason = "Internal compliance requirement"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parameters` (Attributes Map) An object that identifies the name of a control parameter, its current value, and whether it has been customized. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Optional

- `last_update_reason` (String) The most recent reason for updating the customizable properties of a security control. This differs from the UpdateReason field of the BatchUpdateStandardsControlAssociations API, which tracks the reason for updating the enablement status of a control. This field accepts alphanumeric characters in addition to white spaces, dashes, and underscores.
- `security_control_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for a security control across standards, such as `arn:aws:securityhub:eu-central-1:123456789012:security-control/S3.1`. This parameter doesn't mention a specific standard.
- `security_control_id` (String) The unique identifier of a security control across standards. Values for this field typically consist of an AWS service name and a number, such as APIGateway.3.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters--value))
- `value_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters.value`

Optional:

- `boolean` (Boolean) A control parameter that is a boolean.
- `double` (Number) A control parameter that is a double.
- `enum` (String) A control parameter that is a enum.
- `enum_list` (List of String) A control parameter that is a list of enums.
- `integer` (Number) A control parameter that is a integer.
- `integer_list` (List of Number) A control parameter that is a list of integers.
- `string` (String) A control parameter that is a string.
- `string_list` (List of String) A control parameter that is a list of strings.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securityhub_security_control.example "security_control_id"
```