---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securityhub_organization_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::SecurityHub::OrganizationConfiguration resource represents the configuration of your organization in Security Hub. Only the Security Hub administrator account can create Organization Configuration resource in each region and can opt-in to Central Configuration only in the aggregation region of FindingAggregator.
---

# awscc_securityhub_organization_configuration (Resource)

The AWS::SecurityHub::OrganizationConfiguration resource represents the configuration of your organization in Security Hub. Only the Security Hub administrator account can create Organization Configuration resource in each region and can opt-in to Central Configuration only in the aggregation region of FindingAggregator.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_enable` (Boolean) Whether to automatically enable Security Hub in new member accounts when they join the organization.

### Optional

- `auto_enable_standards` (String) Whether to automatically enable Security Hub default standards in new member accounts when they join the organization.
- `configuration_type` (String) Indicates whether the organization uses local or central configuration.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `member_account_limit_reached` (Boolean) Whether the maximum number of allowed member accounts are already associated with the Security Hub administrator account.
- `organization_configuration_identifier` (String) The identifier of the OrganizationConfiguration being created and assigned as the unique identifier.
- `status` (String) Describes whether central configuration could be enabled as the ConfigurationType for the organization.
- `status_message` (String) Provides an explanation if the value of Status is equal to FAILED when ConfigurationType is equal to CENTRAL.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securityhub_organization_configuration.example "organization_configuration_identifier"
```
