---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_securitylake_subscriber Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::Subscriber
---

# awscc_securitylake_subscriber (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SecurityLake::Subscriber



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_types` (List of String) The Amazon S3 or AWS Lake Formation access type.
- `data_lake_arn` (String) The ARN for the data lake.
- `sources` (Attributes List) The supported AWS services from which logs and events are collected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources))
- `subscriber_identity` (Attributes) The AWS identity used to access your data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscriber_identity))
- `subscriber_name` (String) The name of your Security Lake subscriber account.

### Optional

- `subscriber_description` (String) The description for your subscriber account in Security Lake.
- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of objects, one for each tag to associate with the subscriber. For each tag, you must specify both a tag key and a tag value. A tag value cannot be null, but it can be an empty string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `resource_share_arn` (String)
- `resource_share_name` (String)
- `s3_bucket_arn` (String)
- `subscriber_arn` (String)
- `subscriber_role_arn` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources`

Optional:

- `aws_log_source` (Attributes) Amazon Security Lake supports log and event collection for natively supported AWS services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--aws_log_source))
- `custom_log_source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sources--custom_log_source))

<a id="nestedatt--sources--aws_log_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.aws_log_source`

Optional:

- `source_name` (String) The name for a AWS source. This must be a Regionally unique value.
- `source_version` (String) The version for a AWS source. This must be a Regionally unique value.


<a id="nestedatt--sources--custom_log_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sources.custom_log_source`

Optional:

- `source_name` (String) The name for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.
- `source_version` (String) The version for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.



<a id="nestedatt--subscriber_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscriber_identity`

Required:

- `external_id` (String) The external ID used to establish trust relationship with the AWS identity.
- `principal` (String) The AWS identity principal.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The name of the tag. This is a general label that acts as a category for a more specific tag value (value).
- `value` (String) The value that is associated with the specified tag key (key). This value acts as a descriptor for the tag key. A tag value cannot be null, but it can be an empty string.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securitylake_subscriber.example <resource ID>
```
