---
page_title: "awscc_securityhub_hub_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::SecurityHub::HubV2 resource represents the implementation of the AWS Security Hub V2 service in your account. Only one hubv2 resource can created in each region in which you enable Security Hub V2.
---

# awscc_securityhub_hub_v2 (Resource)

The AWS::SecurityHub::HubV2 resource represents the implementation of the AWS Security Hub V2 service in your account. Only one hubv2 resource can created in each region in which you enable Security Hub V2.

## Example Usage

### Security Hub v2 with Tags
Creates a Security Hub v2 instance with resource tags for identification and environment classification

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Security Hub v2 configuration with tags
resource "awscc_securityhub_hub_v2" "example" {
  tags = {
    Name        = "example" # Hub identifier
    Environment = "test"    # Environment designation
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `tags` (Map of String) A key-value pair to associate with the Security Hub V2 resource. You can specify a key that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

### Read-Only

- `hub_v2_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name of the Security Hub V2 resource.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `subscribed_at` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_securityhub_hub_v2.example
  identity = {
    hub_v2_arn = "hub_v2_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `hub_v2_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name of the Security Hub V2 resource

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The ID of the AWS account
- `region` (String) The AWS region where the resource is located

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_securityhub_hub_v2.example
  id = "hub_v2_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_securityhub_hub_v2.example "hub_v2_arn"
```
