---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_servicecatalog_stack_set_constraint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ServiceCatalog::StackSetConstraint
---

# awscc_servicecatalog_stack_set_constraint (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ServiceCatalog::StackSetConstraint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_list` (List of String) One or more AWS accounts that will have access to the provisioned product.
- `admin_role` (String) AdminRole ARN.
- `description` (String) The description of the constraint.
- `execution_role` (String) ExecutionRole name.
- `portfolio_id` (String) The portfolio identifier.
- `product_id` (String) The product identifier.
- `region_list` (List of String) One or more AWS Regions where the provisioned product will be available.
- `stack_instance_control` (String) Permission to create, update, and delete stack instances. Choose from ALLOWED and NOT_ALLOWED.

### Optional

- `accept_language` (String) The language code.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `stack_set_constraint_id` (String) Unique identifier for the constraint

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_servicecatalog_stack_set_constraint.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the constraint

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_servicecatalog_stack_set_constraint.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_servicecatalog_stack_set_constraint.example "id"
```
