---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_servicecatalog_launch_role_constraint Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::ServiceCatalog::LaunchRoleConstraint
---

# awscc_servicecatalog_launch_role_constraint (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::ServiceCatalog::LaunchRoleConstraint



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `portfolio_id` (String) The ID of the portfolio to which this launch role constraint applies.
- `product_id` (String) The ID of the product to which this launch role constraint applies.

### Optional

- `accept_language` (String) The language code for the constraint.
- `description` (String) The description of the launch role constraint.
- `local_role_name` (String) The local IAM role name to use in the launch constraint.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role used for the launch constraint.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `launch_role_constraint_id` (String) The unique identifier for the launch role constraint.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_servicecatalog_launch_role_constraint.example
  identity = {
    id = "id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the launch role constraint

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_servicecatalog_launch_role_constraint.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_servicecatalog_launch_role_constraint.example "id"
```
