---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ses_configuration_set_event_destination Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SES::ConfigurationSetEventDestination
---

# awscc_ses_configuration_set_event_destination (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SES::ConfigurationSetEventDestination



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration_set_name` (String) The name of the configuration set that contains the event destination.
- `event_destination` (Attributes) The event destination object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination))

### Read-Only

- `configuration_set_event_destination_id` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--event_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination`

Required:

- `matching_event_types` (List of String) The type of email sending events, send, reject, bounce, complaint, delivery, open, click, renderingFailure, deliveryDelay, and subscription.

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains the names, default values, and sources of the dimensions associated with an Amazon CloudWatch event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination--cloudwatch_destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Sets whether Amazon SES publishes events to this destination when you send an email with the associated configuration set. Set to true to enable publishing to this destination; set to false to prevent publishing to this destination. The default value is false.
- `event_bridge_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains Event bus ARN associated with the event bridge destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination--event_bridge_destination))
- `kinesis_firehose_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains the delivery stream ARN and the IAM role ARN associated with an Amazon Kinesis Firehose event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination--kinesis_firehose_destination))
- `name` (String) The name of the event destination set.
- `sns_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains SNS topic ARN associated event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination--sns_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--event_destination--cloudwatch_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination.cloudwatch_destination`

Optional:

- `dimension_configurations` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions upon which to categorize your emails when you publish email sending events to Amazon CloudWatch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destination--cloudwatch_destination--dimension_configurations))

<a id="nestedatt--event_destination--cloudwatch_destination--dimension_configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination.cloudwatch_destination.dimension_configurations`

Optional:

- `default_dimension_value` (String) The default value of the dimension that is published to Amazon CloudWatch if you do not provide the value of the dimension when you send an email.
- `dimension_name` (String) The name of an Amazon CloudWatch dimension associated with an email sending metric.
- `dimension_value_source` (String) The place where Amazon SES finds the value of a dimension to publish to Amazon CloudWatch. To use the message tags that you specify using an X-SES-MESSAGE-TAGS header or a parameter to the SendEmail/SendRawEmail API, specify messageTag. To use your own email headers, specify emailHeader. To put a custom tag on any link included in your email, specify linkTag.



<a id="nestedatt--event_destination--event_bridge_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination.event_bridge_destination`

Optional:

- `event_bus_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--event_destination--kinesis_firehose_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination.kinesis_firehose_destination`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream_arn` (String) The ARN of the Amazon Kinesis Firehose stream that email sending events should be published to.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role under which Amazon SES publishes email sending events to the Amazon Kinesis Firehose stream.


<a id="nestedatt--event_destination--sns_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destination.sns_destination`

Optional:

- `topic_arn` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ses_configuration_set_event_destination.example "id"
```
