
---
page_title: "awscc_ses_configuration_set Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource schema for AWS::SES::ConfigurationSet.
---

# awscc_ses_configuration_set (Resource)

Resource schema for AWS::SES::ConfigurationSet.

## Example Usage

### SES Configuration Set with Enhanced Delivery Options

Creates an Amazon SES configuration set with optimized delivery settings, including TLS support, reputation metrics, and VDM features for improved email delivery management and monitoring.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Create SES configuration set
resource "awscc_ses_configuration_set" "example" {
  name = "example-config-set"

  delivery_options = {
    tls_policy           = "OPTIONAL"
    max_delivery_seconds = 3600
  }

  reputation_options = {
    reputation_metrics_enabled = true
  }

  sending_options = {
    sending_enabled = true
  }

  suppression_options = {
    suppressed_reasons = ["BOUNCE", "COMPLAINT"]
  }

  vdm_options = {
    dashboard_options = {
      engagement_metrics = "ENABLED"
    }
    guardian_options = {
      optimized_shared_delivery = "ENABLED"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `delivery_options` (Attributes) An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is used to send emails that you send using the configuration set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delivery_options))
- `name` (String) The name of the configuration set.
- `reputation_options` (Attributes) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reputation_options))
- `sending_options` (Attributes) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES can send email that you send using the configuration set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sending_options))
- `suppression_options` (Attributes) An object that contains information about the suppression list preferences for your account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--suppression_options))
- `tracking_options` (Attributes) An object that defines the open and click tracking options for emails that you send using the configuration set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tracking_options))
- `vdm_options` (Attributes) An object that contains Virtual Deliverability Manager (VDM) settings for this configuration set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdm_options))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--delivery_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delivery_options`

Optional:

- `max_delivery_seconds` (Number) Specifies the maximum time until which SES will retry sending emails
- `sending_pool_name` (String) The name of the dedicated IP pool to associate with the configuration set.
- `tls_policy` (String) Specifies whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). If the value is Require , messages are only delivered if a TLS connection can be established. If the value is Optional , messages can be delivered in plain text if a TLS connection can't be established.


<a id="nestedatt--reputation_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reputation_options`

Optional:

- `reputation_metrics_enabled` (Boolean) If true , tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the configuration set. If false , tracking of reputation metrics is disabled for the configuration set.


<a id="nestedatt--sending_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sending_options`

Optional:

- `sending_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--suppression_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `suppression_options`

Optional:

- `suppressed_reasons` (List of String) A list that contains the reasons that email addresses are automatically added to the suppression list for your account.


<a id="nestedatt--tracking_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tracking_options`

Optional:

- `custom_redirect_domain` (String) The domain to use for tracking open and click events.
- `https_policy` (String) The https policy to use for tracking open and click events.


<a id="nestedatt--vdm_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdm_options`

Optional:

- `dashboard_options` (Attributes) Preferences regarding the Dashboard feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdm_options--dashboard_options))
- `guardian_options` (Attributes) Preferences regarding the Guardian feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vdm_options--guardian_options))

<a id="nestedatt--vdm_options--dashboard_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdm_options.dashboard_options`

Optional:

- `engagement_metrics` (String) Whether emails sent with this configuration set have engagement tracking enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--vdm_options--guardian_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vdm_options.guardian_options`

Optional:

- `optimized_shared_delivery` (String) Whether emails sent with this configuration set have optimized delivery algorithm enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ses_configuration_set.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ses_configuration_set.example "name"
```
