---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ses_custom_verification_email_template Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SES::CustomVerificationEmailTemplate.
---

# awscc_ses_custom_verification_email_template (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SES::CustomVerificationEmailTemplate.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `failure_redirection_url` (String) The URL that the recipient of the verification email is sent to if his or her address is not successfully verified.
- `from_email_address` (String) The email address that the custom verification email is sent from.
- `success_redirection_url` (String) The URL that the recipient of the verification email is sent to if his or her address is successfully verified.
- `template_content` (String) The content of the custom verification email. The total size of the email must be less than 10 MB. The message body may contain HTML, with some limitations.
- `template_name` (String) The name of the custom verification email template.
- `template_subject` (String) The subject line of the custom verification email.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags (keys and values) associated with the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the key-value tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the key-value tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ses_custom_verification_email_template.example
  identity = {
    template_name = "template_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `template_name` (String) The name of the custom verification email template

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ses_custom_verification_email_template.example
  id = "template_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ses_custom_verification_email_template.example "template_name"
```
