---
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::ConfigurationSet
---

# awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::ConfigurationSet

## Example Usage

### Create an SMS Voice configuration set

Create an SMS Voice configuration set for managing SMS and voice messaging settings

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set" "example" {
  configuration_set_name = "example-configuration-set"
  
  message_feedback_enabled = true
  
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    },
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-configuration-set"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `configuration_set_name` (String) The name to use for the configuration set.
- `default_sender_id` (String) The default sender ID to set for the ConfigurationSet.
- `event_destinations` (Attributes List) An event destination is a location where you send message events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destinations))
- `message_feedback_enabled` (Boolean) Set to true to enable message feedback.
- `protect_configuration_id` (String) The unique identifier for the protect configuration to be associated to the configuration set.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--event_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destinations`

Optional:

- `cloudwatch_logs_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains IamRoleArn and LogGroupArn associated with an Amazon CloudWatch event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destinations--cloudwatch_logs_destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean) When set to true events will be logged. By default this is set to true
- `event_destination_name` (String) The name that identifies the event destination.
- `kinesis_firehose_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains IamRoleArn and DeliveryStreamArn associated with an Amazon Kinesis Firehose event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destinations--kinesis_firehose_destination))
- `matching_event_types` (Set of String) An array of event types that determine which events to log. If 'ALL' is used, then AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice logs every event type.
- `sns_destination` (Attributes) An object that contains SNS TopicArn event destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_destinations--sns_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--event_destinations--cloudwatch_logs_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destinations.cloudwatch_logs_destination`

Optional:

- `iam_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Identity and Access Management role that is able to write event data to an Amazon CloudWatch destination.
- `log_group_arn` (String) The name of the Amazon CloudWatch log group that you want to record events in.


<a id="nestedatt--event_destinations--kinesis_firehose_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destinations.kinesis_firehose_destination`

Optional:

- `delivery_stream_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the delivery stream.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Identity and Access Management role that is able to write event data to an Amazon CloudWatch destination.


<a id="nestedatt--event_destinations--sns_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_destinations.sns_destination`

Optional:

- `topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic that you want to publish events to.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set.example
  identity = {
    configuration_set_name = "configuration_set_name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `configuration_set_name` (String) The name to use for the configuration set

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set.example
  id = "configuration_set_name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_smsvoice_configuration_set.example "configuration_set_name"
```
