---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_phone_number Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::PhoneNumber
---

# awscc_smsvoice_phone_number (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::PhoneNumber



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `iso_country_code` (String) The two-character code, in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format, for the country or region.
- `mandatory_keywords` (Attributes) A keyword is a word that you can search for on a particular phone number or pool. It is also a specific word or phrase that an end user can send to your number to elicit a response, such as an informational message or a special offer. When your number receives a message that begins with a keyword, AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice responds with a customizable message. Keywords "HELP" and "STOP" are mandatory keywords (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_keywords))
- `number_capabilities` (Set of String) Indicates if the phone number will be used for text messages, voice messages, or both.
- `number_type` (String) The type of phone number to request.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set to true the sender ID can't be deleted. By default this is set to false.
- `opt_out_list_name` (String) The name of the OptOutList to associate with the phone number. You can use the OptOutListName or OptOutListArn.
- `optional_keywords` (Attributes Set) A keyword is a word that you can search for on a particular phone number or pool. It is also a specific word or phrase that an end user can send to your number to elicit a response, such as an informational message or a special offer. When your number receives a message that begins with a keyword, AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice responds with a customizable message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--optional_keywords))
- `self_managed_opt_outs_enabled` (Boolean) By default this is set to false. When an end recipient sends a message that begins with HELP or STOP to one of your dedicated numbers, AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice automatically replies with a customizable message and adds the end recipient to the OptOutList. When set to true you're responsible for responding to HELP and STOP requests. You're also responsible for tracking and honoring opt-out requests.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `two_way` (Attributes) When you set up two-way SMS, you can receive incoming messages from your customers. When one of your customers sends a message to your phone number, the message body is sent to an Amazon SNS topic or Amazon Connect for processing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--two_way))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String)
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `phone_number` (String)
- `phone_number_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_keywords"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_keywords`

Required:

- `help` (Attributes) A keyword is a word that you can search for on a particular phone number or pool. It is also a specific word or phrase that an end user can send to your number to elicit a response, such as an informational message or a special offer. When your number receives a message that begins with a keyword, AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice responds with a customizable message. Keywords "HELP" and "STOP" are mandatory keywords (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_keywords--help))
- `stop` (Attributes) A keyword is a word that you can search for on a particular phone number or pool. It is also a specific word or phrase that an end user can send to your number to elicit a response, such as an informational message or a special offer. When your number receives a message that begins with a keyword, AWS End User Messaging SMS and Voice responds with a customizable message. Keywords "HELP" and "STOP" are mandatory keywords (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mandatory_keywords--stop))

<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_keywords--help"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_keywords.help`

Required:

- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--mandatory_keywords--stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mandatory_keywords.stop`

Required:

- `message` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--optional_keywords"></a>
### Nested Schema for `optional_keywords`

Optional:

- `action` (String)
- `keyword` (String)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--two_way"></a>
### Nested Schema for `two_way`

Optional:

- `channel_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the two way channel.
- `channel_role` (String) An optional IAM Role Arn for a service to assume, to be able to post inbound SMS messages.
- `enabled` (Boolean) By default this is set to false. When set to true you can receive incoming text messages from your end recipients.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_phone_number.example
  identity = {
    phone_number_id = "phone_number_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `phone_number_id` (String)

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_phone_number.example
  id = "phone_number_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_smsvoice_phone_number.example "phone_number_id"
```
