---
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_sender_id Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::SenderId
---

# awscc_smsvoice_sender_id (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::SenderId

## Example Usage

### Create an SMS Sender ID

Create an SMS sender ID for sending messages from a specific sender ID in supported countries

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_smsvoice_sender_id" "example" {
  sender_id        = "MYCOMPANY"
  iso_country_code = "GB"

  deletion_protection_enabled = false

  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    },
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-sender-id"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `iso_country_code` (String) The two-character code, in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format, for the country or region.
- `sender_id` (String) The sender ID string to request.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set to true the sender ID can't be deleted. By default this is set to false.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the SenderId.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_sender_id.example
  identity = {
    iso_country_code = "iso_country_code"
    sender_id        = "sender_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `iso_country_code` (String) The two-character code, in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format, for the country or region
- `sender_id` (String) The sender ID string to request

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_sender_id.example
  id = "iso_country_code|sender_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_smsvoice_sender_id.example "iso_country_code|sender_id"
```
