---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_registration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A registration that has been created.
---

# awscc_smsvoice_registration (Resource)

A registration that has been created.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `registration_type` (String) The type of registration form to create.

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) An array of tags (key and value pairs) to associate with the registration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_timestamp` (String) The time when the registration was created, in UNIX epoch time format.
- `current_version_number` (Number) The current version number of the registration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `registration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the registration.
- `registration_id` (String) The unique identifier for the registration.
- `registration_status` (String) The status of the registration.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key identifier, or name, of the tag.
- `value` (String) The string value associated with the key of the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_registration.example
  identity = {
    registration_arn = "registration_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `registration_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the registration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_registration.example
  id = "registration_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_smsvoice_registration.example "registration_arn"
```
