---
page_title: "awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::ProtectConfiguration
---

# awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SMSVOICE::ProtectConfiguration

## Example Usage

### Create an SMS Voice protect configuration

Create an SMS Voice protect configuration to manage opt-out lists and deliverability settings

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
resource "awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration" "example" {
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "Name"
      value = "example-protect-config"
    },
    {
      key   = "Environment"
      value = "example"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `country_rule_set` (Attributes) An array of CountryRule containing the rules for the NumberCapability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set))
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set to true deletion protection is enabled and protect configuration cannot be deleted. By default this is set to false.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the protect configuration.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `protect_configuration_id` (String) The unique identifier for the protect configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set`

Optional:

- `mms` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--mms))
- `sms` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--sms))
- `voice` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--country_rule_set--voice))

<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--mms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.mms`

Optional:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.


<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--sms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.sms`

Optional:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.


<a id="nestedatt--country_rule_set--voice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `country_rule_set.voice`

Optional:

- `country_code` (String) The two-letter ISO country code
- `protect_status` (String) The types of protection that can be used.



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 0 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration.example
  identity = {
    protect_configuration_id = "protect_configuration_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `protect_configuration_id` (String) The unique identifier for the protect configuration

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration.example
  id = "protect_configuration_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_smsvoice_protect_configuration.example "protect_configuration_id"
```
