---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssm_association Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS::SSM::Association resource associates an SSM document in AWS Systems Manager with EC2 instances that contain a configuration agent to process the document.
---

# awscc_ssm_association (Resource)

The AWS::SSM::Association resource associates an SSM document in AWS Systems Manager with EC2 instances that contain a configuration agent to process the document.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the SSM document.

### Optional

- `apply_only_at_cron_interval` (Boolean)
- `association_name` (String) The name of the association.
- `automation_target_parameter_name` (String)
- `calendar_names` (List of String)
- `compliance_severity` (String)
- `document_version` (String) The version of the SSM document to associate with the target.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance that the SSM document is associated with.
- `max_concurrency` (String)
- `max_errors` (String)
- `output_location` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_location))
- `parameters` (Map of List of String) Parameter values that the SSM document uses at runtime.
- `schedule_expression` (String) A Cron or Rate expression that specifies when the association is applied to the target.
- `schedule_offset` (Number)
- `sync_compliance` (String)
- `targets` (Attributes List) The targets that the SSM document sends commands to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `wait_for_success_timeout_seconds` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `association_id` (String) Unique identifier of the association.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--output_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_location`

Optional:

- `s3_location` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_location--s3_location))

<a id="nestedatt--output_location--s3_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_location.s3_location`

Optional:

- `output_s3_bucket_name` (String)
- `output_s3_key_prefix` (String)
- `output_s3_region` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `values` (List of String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ssm_association.example <resource ID>
```
