---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_target Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::SSM::MaintenanceWindowTarget
---

# awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_target (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::SSM::MaintenanceWindowTarget



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_type` (String) The type of target that is being registered with the maintenance window.
- `targets` (Attributes List) The targets to register with the maintenance window. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `window_id` (String) The ID of the maintenance window to register the target with.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description for the target.
- `name` (String) The name for the maintenance window target.
- `owner_information` (String) A user-provided value that will be included in any Amazon CloudWatch Events events that are raised while running tasks for these targets in this maintenance window.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `window_target_id` (String) The ID of the target.

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `key` (String) User-defined criteria for sending commands that target managed nodes that meet the criteria.
- `values` (List of String) User-defined criteria that maps to Key.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_target.example
  identity = {
    window_id        = "window_id"
    window_target_id = "window_target_id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `window_id` (String) The ID of the maintenance window to register the target with
- `window_target_id` (String) The ID of the target

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_target.example
  id = "window_id|window_target_id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ssm_maintenance_window_target.example "window_id|window_target_id"
```
