---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssmcontacts_contact Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SSMContacts::Contact
---

# awscc_ssmcontacts_contact (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SSMContacts::Contact



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) Alias of the contact. String value with 20 to 256 characters. Only alphabetical, numeric characters, dash, or underscore allowed.
- `display_name` (String) Name of the contact. String value with 3 to 256 characters. Only alphabetical, space, numeric characters, dash, or underscore allowed.
- `type` (String) Contact type, which specify type of contact. Currently supported values: ?PERSONAL?, ?SHARED?, ?OTHER?.

### Optional

- `plan` (Attributes List) The stages that an escalation plan or engagement plan engages contacts and contact methods in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan))
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

Optional:

- `duration_in_minutes` (Number) The time to wait until beginning the next stage.
- `rotation_ids` (List of String) List of Rotation Ids to associate with Contact
- `targets` (Attributes List) The contacts or contact methods that the escalation plan or engagement plan is engaging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--plan--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan.targets`

Optional:

- `channel_target_info` (Attributes) Information about the contact channel that SSM Incident Manager uses to engage the contact. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan--targets--channel_target_info))
- `contact_target_info` (Attributes) The contact that SSM Incident Manager is engaging during an incident. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan--targets--contact_target_info))

<a id="nestedatt--plan--targets--channel_target_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan.targets.channel_target_info`

Optional:

- `channel_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact channel.
- `retry_interval_in_minutes` (Number) The number of minutes to wait to retry sending engagement in the case the engagement initially fails.


<a id="nestedatt--plan--targets--contact_target_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan.targets.contact_target_info`

Optional:

- `contact_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the contact.
- `is_essential` (Boolean) A Boolean value determining if the contact's acknowledgement stops the progress of stages in the plan.




<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ssmcontacts_contact.example "arn"
```
