
---
page_title: "awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::SSMContacts::Rotation.
---

# awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::SSMContacts::Rotation.

## Example Usage

### Weekly SSM Contact Rotation Schedule

Creates a weekly on-call rotation schedule in AWS Systems Manager Contacts that starts every Monday at 9 AM Pacific Time, managing rotations for a single on-call contact.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get current AWS account ID and region
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Example SSM Contact Rotation
resource "awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation" "example" {
  name         = "weekly_oncall_rotation"
  contact_ids  = ["arn:aws:ssm-contacts:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:contact/example-contact"]
  time_zone_id = "America/Los_Angeles"
  start_time   = "2025-01-05T09:00:00"

  recurrence = {
    weekly_settings = [{
      day_of_week   = "MON"
      hand_off_time = "09:00"
    }]
    number_of_on_calls    = 1
    recurrence_multiplier = 1
  }

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contact_ids` (List of String) Members of the rotation
- `name` (String) Name of the Rotation
- `recurrence` (Attributes) Information about when an on-call rotation is in effect and how long the rotation period lasts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence))
- `start_time` (String) Start time of the first shift of Oncall Schedule
- `time_zone_id` (String) TimeZone Identifier for the Oncall Schedule

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the rotation.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence`

Optional:

- `daily_settings` (List of String) Information about on-call rotations that recur daily.
- `monthly_settings` (Attributes List) Information about on-call rotations that recur monthly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--monthly_settings))
- `number_of_on_calls` (Number) Number of Oncalls per shift.
- `recurrence_multiplier` (Number) The number of days, weeks, or months a single rotation lasts.
- `shift_coverages` (Attributes List) Information about the days of the week included in on-call rotation coverage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages))
- `weekly_settings` (Attributes List) Information about on-call rotations that recur weekly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--weekly_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--monthly_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.monthly_settings`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month when monthly recurring on-call rotations begin.
- `hand_off_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM


<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.shift_coverages`

Optional:

- `coverage_times` (Attributes List) Information about when an on-call shift begins and ends. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages--coverage_times))
- `day_of_week` (String) The day of the week when weekly recurring on-call shift rotations begin.

<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--shift_coverages--coverage_times"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.shift_coverages.coverage_times`

Optional:

- `end_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM
- `start_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM



<a id="nestedatt--recurrence--weekly_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recurrence.weekly_settings`

Optional:

- `day_of_week` (String) The day of the week when weekly recurring on-call shift rotations begin.
- `hand_off_time` (String) Details about when an on-call rotation shift begins or ends. Time of the day in format HH:MM



<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ssmcontacts_rotation.example "arn"
```
