---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_ssmguiconnect_preferences Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::SSMGuiConnect::Preferences Resource Type
---

# awscc_ssmguiconnect_preferences (Resource)

Definition of AWS::SSMGuiConnect::Preferences Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `connection_recording_preferences` (Attributes) The set of preferences used for recording RDP connections in the requesting AWS account and AWS Region. This includes details such as which S3 bucket recordings are stored in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The AWS Account Id that the preference is associated with, used as the unique identifier for this resource.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_recording_preferences`

Optional:

- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of a AWS KMS key that is used to encrypt data while it is being processed by the service. This key must exist in the same AWS Region as the node you start an RDP connection to.
- `recording_destinations` (Attributes) Determines where recordings of RDP connections are stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences--recording_destinations))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences--recording_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_recording_preferences.recording_destinations`

Optional:

- `s3_buckets` (Attributes List) The S3 bucket where RDP connection recordings are stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences--recording_destinations--s3_buckets))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_recording_preferences--recording_destinations--s3_buckets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_recording_preferences.recording_destinations.s3_buckets`

Optional:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket where RDP connection recordings are stored.
- `bucket_owner` (String) The AWS account number that owns the S3 bucket.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_ssmguiconnect_preferences.example "account_id"
```
