---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_synthetics_canary Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Synthetics::Canary
---

# awscc_synthetics_canary (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Synthetics::Canary



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_s3_location` (String) Provide the s3 bucket output location for test results
- `code` (Attributes) Provide the canary script source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--code))
- `execution_role_arn` (String) Lambda Execution role used to run your canaries
- `name` (String) Name of the canary.
- `runtime_version` (String) Runtime version of Synthetics Library
- `schedule` (Attributes) Frequency to run your canaries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))

### Optional

- `artifact_config` (Attributes) Provide artifact configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--artifact_config))
- `delete_lambda_resources_on_canary_deletion` (Boolean) Deletes associated lambda resources created by Synthetics if set to True. Default is False
- `dry_run_and_update` (Boolean) Setting to control if UpdateCanary will perform a DryRun and validate it is PASSING before performing the Update. Default is FALSE.
- `failure_retention_period` (Number) Retention period of failed canary runs represented in number of days
- `provisioned_resource_cleanup` (String) Setting to control if provisioned resources created by Synthetics are deleted alongside the canary. Default is AUTOMATIC.
- `resources_to_replicate_tags` (List of String) List of resources which canary tags should be replicated to.
- `run_config` (Attributes) Provide canary run configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--run_config))
- `start_canary_after_creation` (Boolean) Runs canary if set to True. Default is False
- `success_retention_period` (Number) Retention period of successful canary runs represented in number of days
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `visual_reference` (Attributes) Visual reference configuration for visual testing (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visual_reference))
- `vpc_config` (Attributes) Provide VPC Configuration if enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_config))

### Read-Only

- `canary_id` (String) Id of the canary
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `state` (String) State of the canary

<a id="nestedatt--code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `code`

Required:

- `handler` (String)

Optional:

- `s3_bucket` (String)
- `s3_key` (String)
- `s3_object_version` (String)
- `script` (String)

Read-Only:

- `source_location_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- `expression` (String)

Optional:

- `duration_in_seconds` (String)
- `retry_config` (Attributes) Provide canary auto retry configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--retry_config))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--retry_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.retry_config`

Optional:

- `max_retries` (Number) maximum times the canary will be retried upon the scheduled run failure



<a id="nestedatt--artifact_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `artifact_config`

Optional:

- `s3_encryption` (Attributes) Encryption configuration for uploading artifacts to S3 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--artifact_config--s3_encryption))

<a id="nestedatt--artifact_config--s3_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `artifact_config.s3_encryption`

Optional:

- `encryption_mode` (String) Encryption mode for encrypting artifacts when uploading to S3. Valid values: SSE_S3 and SSE_KMS.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) KMS key Arn for encrypting artifacts when uploading to S3. You must specify KMS key Arn for SSE_KMS encryption mode only.



<a id="nestedatt--run_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `run_config`

Optional:

- `active_tracing` (Boolean) Enable active tracing if set to true
- `environment_variables` (Map of String) Environment variable key-value pairs.
- `ephemeral_storage` (Number) Provide ephemeralStorage available for canary in MB
- `memory_in_mb` (Number) Provide maximum memory available for canary in MB
- `timeout_in_seconds` (Number) Provide maximum canary timeout per run in seconds


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--visual_reference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visual_reference`

Optional:

- `base_canary_run_id` (String) Canary run id to be used as base reference for visual testing
- `base_screenshots` (Attributes List) List of screenshots used as base reference for visual testing (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--visual_reference--base_screenshots))

<a id="nestedatt--visual_reference--base_screenshots"></a>
### Nested Schema for `visual_reference.base_screenshots`

Optional:

- `ignore_coordinates` (List of String) List of coordinates of rectangles to be ignored during visual testing
- `screenshot_name` (String) Name of the screenshot to be used as base reference for visual testing



<a id="nestedatt--vpc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_config`

Optional:

- `ipv_6_allowed_for_dual_stack` (Boolean) Allow outbound IPv6 traffic on VPC canaries that are connected to dual-stack subnets if set to true
- `security_group_ids` (List of String)
- `subnet_ids` (List of String)
- `vpc_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_synthetics_canary.example "name"
```
