
---
page_title: "awscc_synthetics_group Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Synthetics::Group
---

# awscc_synthetics_group (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Synthetics::Group

## Example Usage

### Create Basic Synthetics Group

To create a basic AWS Synthetics group with a specified name and optional tags using the AWSCC provider.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Example of creating a Synthetics Group using AWSCC provider
resource "awscc_synthetics_group" "example" {
  name = "example-synthetics-group"

  # Optional tags
  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the group.

### Optional

- `resource_arns` (List of String)
- `tags` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `group_id` (String) Id of the group.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 127 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 255 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_synthetics_group.example
  id = "name"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_synthetics_group.example "name"
```
