---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_transfer_web_app Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Type definition for AWS::Transfer::WebApp
---

# awscc_transfer_web_app (Resource)

Resource Type definition for AWS::Transfer::WebApp



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identity_provider_details` (Attributes) You can provide a structure that contains the details for the identity provider to use with your web app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_provider_details))

### Optional

- `access_endpoint` (String) The AccessEndpoint is the URL that you provide to your users for them to interact with the Transfer Family web app. You can specify a custom URL or use the default value.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Key-value pairs that can be used to group and search for web apps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `web_app_customization` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--web_app_customization))
- `web_app_units` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--web_app_units))

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Specifies the unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the web app.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `web_app_id` (String) A unique identifier for the web app.

<a id="nestedatt--identity_provider_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_provider_details`

Optional:

- `instance_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the IAM Identity Center used for the web app.
- `role` (String) The IAM role in IAM Identity Center used for the web app.

Read-Only:

- `application_arn` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--web_app_customization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_app_customization`

Optional:

- `favicon_file` (String) Specifies a favicon to display in the browser tab.
- `logo_file` (String) Specifies a logo to display on the web app.
- `title` (String) Specifies a title to display on the web app.


<a id="nestedatt--web_app_units"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_app_units`

Optional:

- `provisioned` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_transfer_web_app.example "arn"
```
