---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_transcribe_vocabulary_filter Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a custom vocabulary filter that you can use to mask, delete, or flag specific words from your transcript.
---

# awscc_transcribe_vocabulary_filter (Resource)

Creates a custom vocabulary filter that you can use to mask, delete, or flag specific words from your transcript.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `language_code` (String) The language code that represents the language of the entries in your vocabulary filter.
- `vocabulary_filter_name` (String) A unique name, chosen by you, for your custom vocabulary filter.

### Optional

- `data_access_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that has permissions to access the Amazon S3 bucket that contains your input files.
- `tags` (Attributes List) Tags associated with the vocabulary filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `vocabulary_filter_file_uri` (String) The Amazon S3 location of the text file that contains your custom vocabulary filter terms.
- `words` (List of String) Use this parameter if you want to create your custom vocabulary filter by including all desired terms, as comma-separated values, within your request.

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vocabulary filter.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value of the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_transcribe_vocabulary_filter.example
  identity = {
    arn = "arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the vocabulary filter

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_transcribe_vocabulary_filter.example
  id = "arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_transcribe_vocabulary_filter.example "arn"
```
