---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awscc_wellarchitected_profile Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Definition of AWS::WellArchitected::Profile Resource Type
---

# awscc_wellarchitected_profile (Resource)

Definition of AWS::WellArchitected::Profile Resource Type



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `profile_description` (String) The profile description.
- `profile_name` (String) The name of the profile.
- `profile_questions` (Attributes List) The profile questions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--profile_questions))

### Optional

- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the profile was created.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the profile.
- `profile_arn` (String) The profile ARN.
- `profile_version` (String) The profile version.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time the profile was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--profile_questions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile_questions`

Optional:

- `question_id` (String) The ID of the question.
- `selected_choice_ids` (List of String) The selected choices.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_wellarchitected_profile.example
  identity = {
    profile_arn = "profile_arn"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
### Identity Schema

#### Required

- `profile_arn` (String) The profile ARN

#### Optional

- `account_id` (String) AWS Account where this resource is managed
- `region` (String) Region where this resource is managed

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_wellarchitected_profile.example
  id = "profile_arn"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_wellarchitected_profile.example "profile_arn"
```
