
---
page_title: "awscc_workspacesthinclient_environment Resource - terraform-provider-awscc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource type definition for AWS::WorkSpacesThinClient::Environment.
---

# awscc_workspacesthinclient_environment (Resource)

Resource type definition for AWS::WorkSpacesThinClient::Environment.

## Example Usage

### Configure WorkSpaces ThinClient Environment

Creates a WorkSpaces ThinClient environment with custom maintenance window scheduled for Mondays between 2-4 AM UTC, utilizing the latest software updates and applying them during the maintenance window.

~> This example is generated by LLM using Amazon Bedrock and validated using terraform validate, apply and destroy. While we strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content.

```terraform
# Get the current AWS region
data "aws_region" "current" {}

# Get the current AWS account ID
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

# Create a WorkSpaces ThinClient Environment
resource "awscc_workspacesthinclient_environment" "example" {
  name        = "example-thinclient-env"
  desktop_arn = "arn:aws:workspaces:${data.aws_region.current.name}:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:workspace/ws-abcd1234"

  maintenance_window = {
    type              = "CUSTOM"
    days_of_the_week  = ["MONDAY"]
    start_time_hour   = 2
    start_time_minute = 0
    end_time_hour     = 4
    end_time_minute   = 0
    apply_time_of     = "UTC"
  }

  software_set_update_mode     = "USE_LATEST"
  software_set_update_schedule = "USE_MAINTENANCE_WINDOW"

  tags = [{
    key   = "Modified By"
    value = "AWSCC"
  }]

  device_creation_tags = [{
    key   = "Environment"
    value = "Production"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `desktop_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the desktop to stream from Amazon WorkSpaces, WorkSpaces Web, or AppStream 2.0.

### Optional

- `desired_software_set_id` (String) The ID of the software set to apply.
- `desktop_endpoint` (String) The URL for the identity provider login (only for environments that use AppStream 2.0).
- `device_creation_tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to the newly created devices for this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_creation_tags))
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Key Management Service key used to encrypt the environment.
- `maintenance_window` (Attributes) A specification for a time window to apply software updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window))
- `name` (String) The name of the environment.
- `software_set_update_mode` (String) An option to define which software updates to apply.
- `software_set_update_schedule` (String) An option to define if software updates should be applied within a maintenance window.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `activation_code` (String) Activation code for devices associated with environment.
- `arn` (String) The environment ARN.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp in unix epoch format when environment was created.
- `desktop_type` (String) The type of VDI.
- `environment_id` (String) Unique identifier of the environment.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `pending_software_set_id` (String) The ID of the software set that is pending to be installed.
- `pending_software_set_version` (String) The version of the software set that is pending to be installed.
- `registered_devices_count` (Number) Number of devices registered to the environment.
- `software_set_compliance_status` (String) Describes if the software currently installed on all devices in the environment is a supported version.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp in unix epoch format when environment was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--device_creation_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_creation_tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window`

Optional:

- `apply_time_of` (String) The desired time zone maintenance window.
- `days_of_the_week` (Set of String) The date of maintenance window.
- `end_time_hour` (Number) The hour end time of maintenance window.
- `end_time_minute` (Number) The minute end time of maintenance window.
- `start_time_hour` (Number) The hour start time of maintenance window.
- `start_time_minute` (Number) The minute start time of maintenance window.
- `type` (String) The type of maintenance window.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The key name of the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 128 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.
- `value` (String) The value for the tag. You can specify a value that is 1 to 256 Unicode characters in length and cannot be prefixed with aws:. You can use any of the following characters: the set of Unicode letters, digits, whitespace, _, ., /, =, +, and -.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = awscc_workspacesthinclient_environment.example
  id = "id"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
$ terraform import awscc_workspacesthinclient_environment.example "id"
```
